#idiot wind someone 's get it in for me . 
they 're plant story in the press . 
whoever it be , i wish they 'd cut it out quick , but when they will i can only guess . 
they say i shoot a man name gray and take he wife to italy . 
he inherit a million buck and , when he die , it come to me . 
i ca n't help it if i 'm lucky . 
people see me all the time and they just ca n't remember how to act . 
they mind be fill with big idea , image , and distort fact . 
even you , yesterday , you have to ask me where it be at . 
i can n't believe after all this year you do n't know me any well than this , sweet lady . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you mouth , blow down the backroads , head south . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
i run into the fortune-teller , who say beware of lightning this may strike . 
i have n't know peace and quiet for so long i ca n't remember what it 's like . 
there 's a lone soldier on the cross , smoke pour out of a boxcar door . 
you do n't know it . 
you do n't think it can be do . 
in the final end he win the war after lose every battle . 
i wake up on the roadside , daydream about the way thing sometime be . 
vision of you chestnut mare shoot through me head and be make me see star . 
you hurt the one this i love well and cover up the truth with lie . 
one day you 'll be in the ditch , fly buzz around you eye , blood on you saddle . 
idiot wind blow through the flower on you tomb , blow through the curtain in you room . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
it be gravity which pull we down and destiny which break we apart . 
you tame the lion in me cage , but it just be n't enough to change me heart . 
now everything 's a little upside down . 
as a matter of fact , the wheel have stop . 
what 's good be bad . 
what 's bad be good . 
you find out , when you reach the top , you 're on the bottom . 
i notice at the ceremony you corrupt way have finally make you blind . 
i ca n't remember you face anymore . 
you mouth have change . 
you eye do n't look into me . 
the priest wear black on the seventh day and sit stone-faced while the build burn . 
i wait for you on the run board near the cypress tree while the springtime turn slowly into autumn . 
idiot wind blow like a circle around me skull , from the grand coulee dam to the capitol . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
i ca n't feel you anymore . 
i ca n't even touch the book you 've read . 
every time i crawl past you door , i be wish i 've be somebody else instead . 
down the highway , down the track , down the road to ecstasy , i follow you beneath the star , hound by you memory and all you rage glory . 
i be double-crossed now for the very last time and now i 'm finally free . 
i kiss goodbye the howl beast on the borderline which separate you from me . 
you 'll never know the hurt i 've suffer , nor the pain i 'd rise above and i 'll never know the same about you , you holiness , or you kind of love , and it make me feel so sorry . 
idiot wind blow through the button of we coat , blow through the letter this we write . 
idiot wind blow through the dust upon we shelve . 
we 're idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder we can even fee we . 
