#stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blue again oh , the ragman draw circle up and down the block . 
i 'd ask he what the matter be , but i know this he do n't talk . 
and the lady treat me kindly and they furnish me with tape , but deep inside me heart i know i ca n't escape . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
well , shakespeare , he 's in the alley with he point shoe and he bell , speak to some french girl , who say he know me well . 
and i will send a message to find out if he 's talk , but the post office 's be steal and the mailbox be lock . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
mona try to tell me to stay away from the train line . 
he say this all the railroad man just drink up you blood like wine . 
and i say , "oh , i do n't know this , but then again there 's only one i 've meet and he just smoke me eyelid and punch me cigarette . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
grandpa die last week and now he 's bury in the rock , but everybody still talk about how badly they be shock , but me , i expect it to happen . 
i know he 'd lose control when he build a fire on main street and shoot it full of hole . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the senator come down here , show everyone he gun , hand out free ticket to the wed of he son . 
and me , i nearly get bust . 
and will n't it be me luck to get catch without a ticket and be discover beneath a truck ? 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the teen-preacher look so baffle when i ask he why he dress with twenty pound of headline staple to he chest . 
but he curse me when i prove to he . 
then i whisper and say , " not even you can hide . 
you see , you 're just like me . 
i hope you 're satisfy . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the rainman give me two cure . 
then he say , " jump right in . 
" the one be texas medicine . 
the other be just railroad gin . 
and like a fool i mix they and it strangle up me mind and now people just get ugly and i have no sense of time . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
when ruthie say come see he in he honky-tonk lagoon , where i can watch he waltz for free beneath he panamanian moon , and i say , "aw , come on , now , you know you know about me debutante , " and he say , "your debutante just know what you need , but i know what you want . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the brick lie on grand street , where the neon madman climb . 
they all fall there so perfectly . 
it all seem so well time . 
and here i sit so patiently , wait to find out what price you have to pay to get out of go through all this thing twice . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
