" #ballad in plain d i once love a girl . 
he skin , it be bronze . 
with the innocence of a lamb , he be gentle like a fawn . 
i court he proudly , but now he be go , go as the season he 's take . 
in a young summer 's youth , i steal he away from he mother and sister , though close do they stay . 
each one of they suffer from the failure of they day , with string of guilt they try hard to guide we . 
of the two sister , i love the young . 
with sensitive instinct , he be the creative one . 
the constant scapegoat , he be easily undo by the jealousy of others around he . 
for he parasite sister i have no respect . 
bind by he boredom , he pride to protect , countless vision of the other he 'd reflect as a crutch for he scene and he society . 
me , for what i do i can be excuse . 
the change i be go through ca n't even be use for the lie this i tell he in hope not to lose the could-be dream-lover of me lifetime . 
with unseen consciousness i possess in me grip a magnificent mantelpiece , though it heart be chip , notice not this i 'd already slip to the sin of love 's false security . 
from silhouette anger to manufacture peace , answer of emptiness , voice vacancy , till the tombstone of damage read no question but , "please , what 's wrong ? 
what 's exactly the matter ? 
" and so it do happen like it can have be foresee , the timeless explosion of fantasy 's dream . 
at the peak of the night the king and the queen tumble all down into piece . 
" the tragic figure ! 
" he sister do shout . 
"leave he alone . 
goddam you . 
get out ! 
" and i , in me armor , turn about and nail he in the ruin of he pettiness . 
beneath a bare light-bulb the plaster do pound , he sister and i in a scream battleground and he in between , the victim of sound , soon shatter as a child to the shadow . 
" all be go . 
all be go . 
admit it . 
take flight ! 
" i gag in contradiction , tear blind me sight . 
me mind , it be mangle . 
i run into the night , leave all of love 's ash behind me . 
the wind knock me window . 
the room , it be wet . 
the word to say "i 'm sorry " i have n't find yet . 
i think of he often and hope whoever he 's meet will be fully aware of how precious he be . 
ah , me friend from the prison , they ask unto me , "how good , how good do it feel to be free ? 
" and i answer they more mysteriously , "are bird free from the chain of the skyway ? 
