# the lonesome death of hattie carroll william zantzinger kill poor hattie carroll with a cane this he twirl around he diamond ring finger at a baltimore hotel society gather and the cop be call in and he weapon take from he as they ride he in custody down to the station and book william zantzinger for first-degree murder . 
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
william zantzinger , who at twenty-four year own a tobacco farm of six hundred acre , with rich , wealthy parent who provide and protect he and high-office relation in the politics of maryland , react to he deed with a shrug of he shoulder and swear-words and sneer and he tongue , it be snarl and in a matter of minute on bail be out walk . 
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
hattie carroll be a maid in the kitchen . 
he be fifty-one year old and give birth to ten child , who carry the dish and take out the garbage and never sit once at the head of the table and do n't even talk to the people at the table , who just clean up all the food from the table and empty the ashtray on a whole other level , get kill by a blow , lie slay by a cane this sail through the air and come down through the room , doom and determine to destroy all the gentle , and he never do nothing to william zantzinger . 
and , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
in the courtroom of honor the judge pound he gavel to show this all 's equal and this the court be on the level and this the string in the book be not pull and persuade and this even the noble get properly handle once this the cop have chase after and catch they and this the ladder of law have no top and no bottom , stare at the person who kill for no reason , who just happen to be feel this way without warn , and he speak through he cloak , more deep and distinguish , and hand out strongly for penalty and repentance william zantzinger with a six-month sentence . 
ah , but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , bury the rag deep in you face for now 's the time for you tear . 
