#Talking WWIII Blues

One time ago a crazy dream came to me.
I dreamt I was walking in World War III.
Went to the doctor the very next day to see what kind of words he could say.
Said it was a bad dream.
"I wouldn't worry about it none, though.
Them old dreams are only in your head."
I said, "Hold it, doc.
a World War passed through my brain."
He said, "Nurse, get your pad.
the boy's insane."
He grabbed my arm.
I said "Ouch!" as I landed on the psychiatric couch.
He said, "Tell me about it."
"Well, the whole thing started at three o'clock fast.
It was all over by a quarter past.
I was down in the sewer with some little lover when I peeked out from a manhole cover, wondering who turned the lights on us.
"Well, I got up and I walked around, up and down the lonesome town.
I stood wondering which way to go.
I lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road.
It was a normal day.
"Well, I rung the fallout shelter bell and I leaned my head and I give a yell.
'Give me a string bean.
I'm a hungry man!'
Shotgun fired and away I ran.
I don't blame him too much, though.
He didn't know me.
"Down the corner by the hot-dog stand, I seen a man.
I said, 'Howdy, friend.
I guess it's just us two.'
He screamed a bit and away he flew.
Thought I was a Communist.
"Well, I spied me a girl and, before she could leave, I said, 'Let's go and play Adam and Eve.'
Took her by the hand and my heart was thumping.
She said, 'Hey, man, you crazy or something?
You seen what happened last time they started.'
"Well, I seen your Cadillac window uptown.
There was nobody around.
I got into the driver's seat and I drove down Forty-second Street in my Cadillac.
Good car to drive after a war.
"Well, I remember seeing some ad, so I turned on my Conelrad, but I didn't pay the Con Ed bill, so the radio didn't work so well.
Turned on my record player.
It was Rock-A-Day Johnny singing, 'Tell your ma, tell your pa, Our loves are going to grow, ooh-wah, ooh-wah.'
"I was feeling kind of lonesome and blue.
I needed somebody to talk to.
So I called up the operator of time just to hear a voice of some kind.
'When you hear the beep, it will be three o'clock'.
She said that for over an hour and I hung up."
Well, the doctor interrupted me just about then, saying, "Hey, I've been having the same old dreams, but mine was a little different, you see.
I dreamt the only person left after the war was me.
I didn't see you around."
Well, now, time passed and now it seems everybody's having them dreams.
Everybody sees hisself walking around with no one else.
"Half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time, but all the people can't be all right all of the time".
I think Abraham Lincoln said that.
"I'll let you be in my dream if I can be in yours".
I said that.

