all i really want to do i be not look to compete with you , beat or cheat or mistreat you , simplify you , classify you , deny , defy , or crucify you . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
no , and i be not look to fight with you , frighten you or up-tighten you , drag you down or drain you down , chain you down or bring you down . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
i be not look to block you up , shock or knock or lock you up , analyze you , categorize you , finalize you or advertise you . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
i do n't want to straight-face you , race or chase you , track or trace you , or disgrace you or displace you , or define you or confine you . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
i do n't want to meet you kin , make you spin or do you in , or select you or dissect you , or inspect you or reject you . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
i do n't want to fake you out , take or shake or forsake you out . 
i be not look for you to feel like me , see like me or be like me . 
all i really want to do be , baby , be friend with you . 
#black crow blue i wake in the morning wander , weary and wear out . 
i wake in the morning wander , weary and wear out , wish me long-lost lover will walk to me , talk to me , tell me what it 's all about . 
i be stand at the side road , listen to the billboard knock , stand at the side road , listen to the billboard knock . 
well , me wrist be empty , but me nerve be kick , tick like a clock . 
if i get anything you need , babe , let me tell you in front . 
if i get anything you need , babe , let me tell you in front . 
you can come to me sometime , night-time , day-time , any time you want . 
sometime i 'm think i 'm too high to fall . 
sometime i 'm think i 'm much too high to fall . 
other time i 'm think i 'm so low i do n't know if i can come up at all . 
black crow in the meadow , sleep across a broad highway . 
black crow in the meadow , across a broad highway . 
though it 's funny , honey , i 'm out of touch , do n't feel much like a scarecrow today . 
#spanish harlem incident gypsy gal , the hand of harlem can hold you to it heat . 
you temperature be too hot for tame . 
you flame foot be burn up the street . 
i be homeless , come and take me to the reach of you rattle drum . 
let me know , babe , all about me fortune down along me restless palm . 
gypsy gal , you get me swallow . 
i have fall far beneath you pearly eye , so fast and slash , and you flash diamond teeth . 
the night be pitch black , come and make me pale face fit into place , oh , please . 
let me know , babe - i 'm nearly drown - if it 's you me lifeline trace . 
i be wonder all about me ever since i see you there . 
on the cliff of you wildcat charm i 'm ride . 
i know i 'm around you , but i do n't know where . 
you have slay me . 
you have make me . 
i get to laugh halfways off me heel . 
i get to know , babe , will you surround me , so i can know if i 'm really real ? 
#chimes of freedom far between sundown 's finish and midnight 's break toll , we duck inside the doorway as thunder wend crash , as majestic bell of bolt strike shadow in the sound , seem to be the chime of freedom flash , flash for the warrior who strength be not to fight , flash for the refugee on the unarm road of flight and for each and every underdog soldier in the night and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
through the city 's melt furnace , unexpectedly we watch with face hide as the wall be tighten , as the echo of the wed bell , before the blow rain , dissolve into the bell of the lightning , toll for the rebel , toll for the rake , toll for the luckless , the abandon , and forsaked , toll for the outcast burn constantly at stake and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
through the mad , mystic hammer of the wild , rip hail , the sky crack it poem in naked wonder this the cling of the church bell blow far into the breeze , leave only bell of lightning and it thunder , strike for the gentle , strike for the kind , strike for the guardian and protector of the mind and the poet and the painter far behind he rightful time and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
in the wild , cathedral even the rain unravel tale for the disrobe , faceless form of no position , toll for the tongue with no place to bring they thought all down in taken-for-granted situation , toll for the deaf and blind , toll for the mute , for the mistreat , mateless mother , the mistitled prostitute , for the misdemeanor outlaw , chain and cheat by pursuit and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
even though a cloud 's white curtain in a far-off corner flare and the hypnotic , splatter mist be slowly lift , electric light still strike like arrow , fire but for the one condemn to drift or else be keep from drift , toll for the search one on they speechless , seek trail , for the lonesome-hearted lover with too personal a tale and for each unharmful , gentle soul misplace inside a jail and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
starry-eyed and laugh , as i recall when we be catch , trap by no track of hour for they hang suspend as we listen one last time and we watch with one last look , spellbind and swallow till the toll end , toll for the ache , who wound can be nurse , for the countless , confuse , accuse , misuse , strung-out one and worse and for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe and we gaze upon the chime of freedom flash . 
#i shall be free no.10 
i 'm just average , common too . 
i 'm just like he , the same as you . 
i 'm everybody 's brother and son . 
i be not different than anyone ! 
aing . 
no use to talk to me . 
it 's just the same as talk to you . 
i be shadow-boxing early in the day . 
i figure i be ready for cassius clay . 
i say , "fee , fie , fo , fum . 
cassius clay , here i come . 
26th , 27th , 28th , 29th . 
i 'm go to make you face look just like me . 
5th , 4th , 3rd , 2nd , 1st . 
cassius clay , you 'd well run . 
99 , 100th , 101st , 102 . 
you ma wo n't even recognize you . 
14th , 15th , 16th , 17th , 18th , 19th . 
go to knock he clean right out of he spleen ! 
" well , i do n't know , but i 've be tell the street of heaven be line with gold . 
i ask you how thing can get much worse if the russian happen to get up there first . 
wowee ! 
pretty scary ! 
now , i 'm liberal , but to a degree . 
i want everybody to be free , but , if you think i 'll let barry goldwater move in next door , marry me daughter , you must think i 'm crazy ! 
i will n't let he do it for all the farm in cuba . 
well , i set me monkey on the log and order he to do the dog . 
he wag he tail and shake he head and he wend and do the cat instead . 
he 's a weird monkey , very funky . 
i sit with me high-heeled sneaker on , wait to play tennis in the noonday sun . 
i have me white short roll up past me waist and me wig-hat be fall in me face . 
but they will n't let me on the tennis court . 
i get a woman . 
he 's so mean . 
he stick me boot in the wash machine , stick me with buckshot when i 'm nude , put bubblegum in me food . 
he 's funny , want me money , call me "honey " . 
now , i get a friend who spend he life stab me picture with a bowie-knife , dream of strangle me with a scarf , when me name come up , he pretend to barf . 
i 've get a million friend ! 
now , they ask me to read a poem at the sorority sister 's home . 
i get knock down and me head be swim . 
i wind up with the dean of woman ! 
yippee ! 
i 'm a poet . 
i know it . 
hope i do n't blow it . 
i 'm go to grow me hair down to me foot so strange , so i look like a walk mountain range and i 'm go to ride into omaha on a horse , out to the country club and the golf course . 
carry the new york time , shoot a few hole , blow they mind . 
now , you 're probably wonder by now just what this song be all about . 
what 's probably get you baffle more be what this thing here be for . 
it 's nothing . 
it 's something i learn over in england . 
# to ramona ramona , come close , shut softly you watery eye . 
the pang of you sadness will pass as you sense will rise . 
for the flower of the city , though breath-like , get death-like sometime and there 's no use in try to deal with the dying , though i can explain this in line . 
you crack country lip i still wish to kiss as to be by the strength of you skin . 
you magnetic movement still capture the minute i 'm in . 
but it grieve me heart , love , to see you try to be a part of a world this just do n't exist . 
it 's all just a dream , babe , a vacuum , a scheme , babe , this suck you into feel like this . 
i can see this you head have be twist and feed with worthless foam from the mouth . 
i can tell you be tear between stay and return back to the south . 
you 've be fool into think this the finish end be at hand . 
yet there 's no one to beat you , no one to defeat you except the thought of you feel bad . 
i 've hear you say many time this you 're well than no one and no one be well than you . 
if you really believe this , you know you have nothing to win and nothing to lose . 
from fixture and force and friend you sorrow do stem this hype you and type you and make you feel this you get to be just like they . 
i 'd forever talk to you , but soon me word , they will turn into a meaningless ring for deep in me heart i know there 's no help i can bring . 
everything pass , everything change . 
just do what you think you should do and someday maybe , who know , baby , i 'll come and be cry to you . 
#motorpsycho nightmare i pound on a farmhouse look for a place to stay . 
i be mighty , mighty tire . 
i have come a long , long way . 
i say , "hey , hey , in there , be there anybody home ? 
" i be stand on the step feel more alone when out come a farmer . 
he must 've think this i be nut . 
he immediately look at me and stick a gun into me gut . 
i fall down to me bended knee , say , "i dig farmer , do n't shoot me , please ! 
" he cock he rifle and begin to shout , "are you this travel salesman this i have hear about ? 
" i say , "no , no , no! i 'm a doctor and it 's true . 
i 'm a clean-cut kid and i be to college , too . 
" then in come he daughter , who name be rita . 
he look like he step out of the dolce vita . 
i immediately try to cool it with he dad and tell he what a nice , pretty farm he have . 
he say , "what do doctor know about farm , pray tell ? 
" i say , "i be bear at the bottom of a wish well . 
" well , by the dirt beneath me nail , i guess , he know i will n't lie . 
he say , "i guess you 're tire . 
" he say it kind of sly . 
i say , "yes , ten thousand mile today i drive . 
" he say , "i get a be for you underneath the stave . 
just one condition , you can go to sleep right now : this you do n't touch me daughter and in the morning milk the cow . 
" i be sleep like a rat when i hear something jerk . 
there stand rita , look just like tony perkins . 
he say , "would you like to take a shower ? 
i 'll show you up to the door . 
" i say , "oh , no , no! 
i 've be through this movie before ! 
" i know i have to split , but i do not know how when he say , "would you like to take this shower now ? 
" well , i can n't leave unless the old man chase me out because i 'd already promise this i 'd milk he cow . 
i have to say something to strike he very weird , so i yell , "i like fidel castro and he beard ! 
" rita look offend , but he get out of the way as he come charge down the stair , say , "what 's this i hear you say ? 
" i say , "i like fidel castro . 
i think you hear me right . 
" and i duck as he swing at me with all he may . 
rita mumble something about he mother on the hill as he fist , it hit the icebox . 
he say he 's go to kill me if i do n't get out the door in two second flat , "you unpatriotic , rotten doctor , commie rat ! 
" well , he throw a reader 's digest at me head and i do run . 
i do a somersault as i see he get he gun and crash through the window at a hundred mile an hour and land fully blast in he garden flower . 
rita say , " come back ! 
" and he start to load . 
the sun be come up and i be run down the road . 
well , i do n't figure i 'll be back there for a spell even though rita move away and get a job at a motel . 
he still wait for me , constant on the sly . 
he want to turn me in to the f.b.i . 
me , i romp and stomp , thankful as i romp . 
without freedom of speech i may be in the swamp . 
#my back page crimson flame tie through me ear . 
roll , high-and-mighty trap pounce with fire on flame road , use idea as me map . 
"we 'll meet on edge soon , " say i , proud beneath heat brow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
half-wracked prejudice leap forth . 
"rip down all hate ! 
" i scream . 
lie this life be black-and-white speak from me skull . 
i dream romantic fact of musketeer , foundationed deep somehow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
girl ' face form the forward path from phony jealousy to memorize politics of ancient history , fling down by corpse evangelist , unthought of though , somehow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
a self-ordained professor 's tongue , too serious to fool , spout out this liberty be just equality in school . 
"equality , " i speak the word as if a wed vow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
in a soldier 's stance , i aim me hand at the mongrel dog who teach , fear not i 'd become me enemy in the instant this i preach , me existence lead by confusion boat , mutiny from stern to bow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
yes , me guard stand hard when abstract threat , too noble to neglect , deceive me into think i have something to protect . 
good and bad , i define this term quite clearly no doubt , somehow . 
ah , but i be so much old then . 
i 'm young than this now . 
#i do n't believe you i ca n't understand . 
he let go of me hand and leave me here face the wall . 
i 'd sure like to know why he do go , but i ca n't get close to he at all . 
though we kiss through the wild , blaze night-time , he say he will never forget . 
but now morning be clearly . 
it 's like i be not here . 
he act like we never meet . 
it 's all new to me , like some mystery . 
it can even be like a myth . 
but it 's hard to think on this he 's the same one this last night i be with . 
from darkness , dream be desert . 
be i still dream yet ? 
i wish he 'd unlock he voice once and talk instead of act like we never meet . 
if he be not feel well , then why do n't he tell instead of turn he back to me face ? 
without any doubt he seem too far out for me to return to or chase . 
and he skirt , it sway as the guitar play . 
he mouth be watery and wet . 
but now something have change for he be not the same . 
he just act like we never have meet . 
if i do n't have to guess , i 'd gladly confess to anything i may 've try . 
if i be with he too long or have do something wrong , i 'd wish he 'd tell me what it be . 
i 'll run and hide . 
though the night run swirl and whirl , i remember he whisper yet . 
but evidently he do n't . 
evidently he wo n't . 
he just act like we never have meet . 
i 'm leave today . 
i 'll be on me way . 
of this i ca n't say very much . 
but if you want me to , i can be just like you and pretend this we never have touch . 
and , if anybody ask me , "is it easy to forget ? 
" i 'll say , "it 's easily do . 
you just pick anyone and pretend this you never have meet . 
" #ballad in plain d i once love a girl . 
he skin , it be bronze . 
with the innocence of a lamb , he be gentle like a fawn . 
i court he proudly , but now he be go , go as the season he 's take . 
in a young summer 's youth , i steal he away from he mother and sister , though close do they stay . 
each one of they suffer from the failure of they day , with string of guilt they try hard to guide we . 
of the two sister , i love the young . 
with sensitive instinct , he be the creative one . 
the constant scapegoat , he be easily undo by the jealousy of others around he . 
for he parasite sister i have no respect . 
bind by he boredom , he pride to protect , countless vision of the other he 'd reflect as a crutch for he scene and he society . 
me , for what i do i can be excuse . 
the change i be go through ca n't even be use for the lie this i tell he in hope not to lose the could-be dream-lover of me lifetime . 
with unseen consciousness i possess in me grip a magnificent mantelpiece , though it heart be chip , notice not this i 'd already slip to the sin of love 's false security . 
from silhouette anger to manufacture peace , answer of emptiness , voice vacancy , till the tombstone of damage read no question but , "please , what 's wrong ? 
what 's exactly the matter ? 
" and so it do happen like it can have be foresee , the timeless explosion of fantasy 's dream . 
at the peak of the night the king and the queen tumble all down into piece . 
" the tragic figure ! 
" he sister do shout . 
"leave he alone . 
goddam you . 
get out ! 
" and i , in me armor , turn about and nail he in the ruin of he pettiness . 
beneath a bare light-bulb the plaster do pound , he sister and i in a scream battleground and he in between , the victim of sound , soon shatter as a child to the shadow . 
" all be go . 
all be go . 
admit it . 
take flight ! 
" i gag in contradiction , tear blind me sight . 
me mind , it be mangle . 
i run into the night , leave all of love 's ash behind me . 
the wind knock me window . 
the room , it be wet . 
the word to say "i 'm sorry " i have n't find yet . 
i think of he often and hope whoever he 's meet will be fully aware of how precious he be . 
ah , me friend from the prison , they ask unto me , "how good , how good do it feel to be free ? 
" and i answer they more mysteriously , "are bird free from the chain of the skyway ? 
" #it be not me , babe go away from me window . 
leave at you own choose speed . 
i 'm not the one you want , babe . 
i 'm not the one you need . 
you say you 're look for someone who 's never weak , but always strong to protect you and defend you whether you be right or wrong , someone to open each and every door , but it be not me , babe . 
no , no , no , it be not me , babe . 
it be not me you 're look for , babe . 
go lightly from the ledge , babe . 
go lightly on the grind . 
i 'm not the one you want , babe . 
i will only let you down . 
you say you 're look for someone who will promise never to part , someone to close he eye for you , someone to close he heart , someone who will die for you and more , but it be not me , babe . 
no , no , no , it be not me , babe . 
it be not me you 're look for , babe . 
go melt back in the night . 
everything inside be make of stone . 
there 's nothing in here move and , anyway , i 'm not alone . 
you say you 're look for someone who 'll pick you up each time you fall , to gather flower constantly , and to come each time you call , a lover for you life and nothing more , but it be not me , babe . 
no , no , no , it be not me , babe . 
it be not me you 're look for , babe . 
#rainy day woman 12th & 35th well , they 'll stone you when you 're try to be so good . 
they 'll stone you just like they say they will . 
they 'll stone you when you 're try to go home . 
then they 'll stone you when you 're there all alone . 
but i will not feel so all alone . 
everybody must get stone . 
well , they 'll stone you when you 're walk on the street . 
they 'll stone you when you 're try to keep you seat . 
they 'll stone you when you 're walk on the floor . 
they 'll stone you when you 're walk to the door . 
but i will not feel so all alone . 
everybody must get stone . 
they 'll stone you when you 're at the breakfast table . 
they 'll stone you when you be young and able . 
they 'll stone you when you 're try to make a buck . 
they 'll stone you and then they 'll say " good luck" . 
yeah , but i will not feel so all alone . 
everybody must get stone . 
well , they 'll stone you and say this it 's the end . 
then they 'll stone you and then they 'll come back again . 
they 'll stone you when you 're ride in you car . 
they 'll stone you when you 're play you guitar . 
yes , but i will not feel so all alone . 
everybody must get stone . 
alright ! 
well , they 'll stone you when you be all alone . 
they 'll stone you when you be walk home . 
they 'll stone you and then say , "you be brave . 
" they 'll stone you when you 're set down in you grave . 
but i will not feel so all alone . 
everybody must get stone . 
#pledging me time well , early in the morning till late at night i get a poison headache , but i feel alright . 
i 'm pledge me time to you , hope you 'll come through , too . 
well , the hobo get to hide , but he come to me naturally . 
he steal me baby and he want to steal me , but i 'm pledge me time to you , hope you 'll come through , too . 
wo n't you come with me , baby ? 
i 'll take you where you want to go and , if it do n't work out , you 'll be the first to know . 
i 'm pledge me time to you , hope you 'll come through , too . 
well , the room be so stuffy . 
i can hardly breathe . 
everybody 's go but me and you and i ca n't be the last to leave . 
i 'm pledge me time to you , hope you 'll come through , too . 
well , they send for the ambulance and one be send . 
somebody get lucky , but it be an accident . 
i 'm pledge me time to you , hope you 'll come through , too . 
#visions of johanna aing . 
it just like the night to play trick when you 're try to be so quiet ? 
we all sit here strand , though we 're all do we well to deny it . 
and louise hold a handful of rain , tempt you to defy it . 
light flicker from the opposite loft . 
in this room the heat-pipes just cough . 
the country music station play soft , but there 's nothing , really nothing to turn off . 
just louise and he lover so entwine and this vision of johanna this conquer me mind . 
in the empty lot where the lady play blindman 's bluff with the keychain and the all-night girl , they whisper of escapade out on the d-train , we can hear the night-watchman click he flashlight , ask he if it 's he or they this 's insane . 
louise , he 's alright . 
he 's just near . 
he 's delicate and seem like the mirror , but he just make it all too concise and too clearly this johanna 's not here . 
the ghost of electricity howl in the bone of he face , where this vision of johanna have now take me place . 
now , little boy lose , he take he so seriously . 
he brag of he misery . 
he like to live dangerously and , when bring he name up , he speak of a farewell-kiss to me . 
he 's sure get a lot of gall to be so useless and all , mutter small talk at the wall while i 'm in the hall . 
oh , how can i explain ? 
it 's so hard to get on and this vision of johanna , they keep me up past the dawn . 
inside the museum infinity go up on trial . 
voice echo , " this be what salvation must be like after a while . 
" but mona lisa must 've have the highway blue . 
you can tell by the way he smile . 
see the primitive wallflower freeze when the jelly-faced woman all sneeze . 
hear the one with the must 'veche say , "jeez , i ca n't find me knee . 
" oh , jewel and binoculars hang from the head of the mule , but this vision of johanna , they make it all seem so cruel . 
the peddler now speak to the countess who 's pretend to care for he , say , "name me someone this 's not a parasite and i 'll go out and say a prayer for he . 
" but , like louise always say , "you ca n't look at much , can you , man ? 
" as he he prepare for he , and madonna , he still have not show . 
we see this empty cage now corrode , where he cape of the stage once have flow . 
the fiddler , he now step to the road . 
he write "everything 's be return which be owe " on the back of the fish truck this load while me conscience explode . 
the harmonica play the skeleton key in the rain and this vision of johanna be now all this remain . 
#one of we must know ( sooner or late ) i do n't mean to treat you so bad . 
you should n't take it so personal . 
i do n't mean to make you so sad . 
you just happen to be there . 
this 's all . 
when i see you say goodbye to you friend and smile , i think this it be well understand this you 'd be come back in a little while . 
i do n't know this you be say goodbye for good . 
but sooner or late one of we must know this you just do what you 're suppose to do . 
sooner or late one of we must know this i really do try to get close to you . 
i can n't see what you can show me . 
you scarf , it keep you mouth well hide . 
i can n't see how you can know me , but you say you know me and i believe you do . 
when you whisper in me ear and ask me if i be leave with you or he , i do n't realize just what i do hear , i do n't realize how young you be . 
but sooner or late one of we must know this you 're just do what you 're suppose to do . 
sooner or late one of we must know this i really do try to get close to you . 
i can n't see when it start snow . 
you voice be all this i hear . 
i can n't see where we be go , but you say you know and i take you word . 
and then you tell me late as i apologize this you be just kid me , you be n't really from the farm . 
and i tell you as you claw out me eye this i never really mean to do you any harm . 
but sooner or late one of we must know this you just do what you 're suppose to do . 
sooner or late one of we must know this i really do try to get close to you . 
#i want you the guilty undertaker sigh . 
the lonesome organ-grinder cry . 
the silver saxophone say i should refuse you . 
the crack bell and washed-out horn blow into me face with scorn , but it 's not this way , i be n't bear to lose you . 
i want you . 
i want you . 
i want you so bad . 
honey , i want you . 
the drunken politician leap upon the street where mother weep and the savior , who be fast asleep , they wait for you and i wait for they to interrupt me drink from me break cup and ask me to open up the gate for you . 
i want you . 
i want you . 
yes , i want you so bad . 
honey , i want you . 
now , all me father , they 've go down . 
true love , they 've be without it . 
but all they daughter put me down because i do n't think about it . 
well , i return to the queen of spade and talk with me chambermaid . 
he know this he 's not afraid to look at he . 
he be good to me and there 's nothing he do n't see . 
he know where i 'd like to be , but it do n't matter . 
i want you . 
i want you . 
yes , i want you so bad . 
honey , i want you . 
now , you dance child with he chinese suit , he speak to me . 
i take he flute . 
no , i be n't very cute to he , be i ? 
but i do it because he lied , because he take you for a ride , and because time be on he side and because i want you . 
i want you . 
yes , i want you so bad . 
honey , i want you . 
#stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blue again oh , the ragman draw circle up and down the block . 
i 'd ask he what the matter be , but i know this he do n't talk . 
and the lady treat me kindly and they furnish me with tape , but deep inside me heart i know i ca n't escape . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
well , shakespeare , he 's in the alley with he point shoe and he bell , speak to some french girl , who say he know me well . 
and i will send a message to find out if he 's talk , but the post office 's be steal and the mailbox be lock . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
mona try to tell me to stay away from the train line . 
he say this all the railroad man just drink up you blood like wine . 
and i say , "oh , i do n't know this , but then again there 's only one i 've meet and he just smoke me eyelid and punch me cigarette . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
grandpa die last week and now he 's bury in the rock , but everybody still talk about how badly they be shock , but me , i expect it to happen . 
i know he 'd lose control when he build a fire on main street and shoot it full of hole . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the senator come down here , show everyone he gun , hand out free ticket to the wed of he son . 
and me , i nearly get bust . 
and will n't it be me luck to get catch without a ticket and be discover beneath a truck ? 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the teen-preacher look so baffle when i ask he why he dress with twenty pound of headline staple to he chest . 
but he curse me when i prove to he . 
then i whisper and say , " not even you can hide . 
you see , you 're just like me . 
i hope you 're satisfy . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the rainman give me two cure . 
then he say , " jump right in . 
" the one be texas medicine . 
the other be just railroad gin . 
and like a fool i mix they and it strangle up me mind and now people just get ugly and i have no sense of time . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
when ruthie say come see he in he honky-tonk lagoon , where i can watch he waltz for free beneath he panamanian moon , and i say , "aw , come on , now , you know you know about me debutante , " and he say , "your debutante just know what you need , but i know what you want . 
" oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
now , the brick lie on grand street , where the neon madman climb . 
they all fall there so perfectly . 
it all seem so well time . 
and here i sit so patiently , wait to find out what price you have to pay to get out of go through all this thing twice . 
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stick inside of mobile with the memphis blue again ? 
#leopard-skin pill-box hat well , i see you get you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
yes , i see you get you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
well , you must tell me , baby , how you head feel under something like this , under you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
well , you look so pretty in it . 
honey , can i jump on it sometime ? 
yes , i just want to see if it 's really the expensive kind . 
you know , it balance on you head just like a mattress balance on a bottle of wine , you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
well , if you want to see the sunrise , honey , i know where . 
we 'll go out and see it sometime . 
we 'll both just sit there and stare , me with me belt wrap around me head and you just sit there in you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
well , i ask the doctor if i can see you . 
"it 's bad for you health , " he say . 
yes , i disobey he order . 
i come to see you , but i find he there instead . 
you know , i do n't mind he cheat on me , but i sure wish he 'd take this off he head , you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
well , i see you get a new boyfriend . 
no , i never see he before . 
well , i see you make love with he . 
you forget to close the garage door . 
you may think he love you for you money , but i know what he really love you for . 
it 's you brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat . 
# just like a woman nobody feel any pain tonight as i stand inside the rain . 
everybody know this baby 's get new clothe , but lately i see he ribbon and he bow have fall from he curl . 
he take just like a woman . 
yes , he do ! 
he make love just like a woman . 
yes , he do ! 
and he ache just like a woman , but he break just like a little girl . 
queen mary , he 's me friend . 
yes , i believe i 'll go see he again . 
nobody have to guess this baby ca n't be bless till he finally see this he 's like all the rest with he fog , he amphetamine , and he pearl . 
he take just like a woman , yes ! 
he make love just like a woman . 
yes , he do ! 
and he ache just like a woman , but he break just like a little girl . 
it be rain from the first and i be dying of thirst , so i come in here . 
and you long-time curse hurt , but what 's worse be this pain in here . 
i ca n't stay in here . 
be not it clearly this i just ca n't fit ? 
yes , i believe it 's time for we to quit . 
and , when we meet again , introduce as friend , please do n't let on this you know me when i be hungry and it be you world . 
ah , you fake just like a woman . 
yes , you do ! 
you make love just like a woman . 
yes , you do ! 
then you ache just like a woman , but you break just like a little girl . 
#most likely you go you way ( and i 'll go me ) you say you love me and you 're think of me , but you know you can be wrong . 
you say you tell me this you want to hold me , but you know you 're not this strong . 
i just ca n't do what i do before . 
i just ca n't beg you anymore . 
i 'm go to let you pass and i 'll go last . 
then time will tell just who have fall and who 's be leave behind when you go you way and i go me . 
you say you disturb me and you do n't deserve me , but you know sometime you lie . 
you say you 're shake and you 're always ache , but you know how hard you try . 
sometime it get so hard to care . 
it ca n't be this way everywhere . 
and i 'm go to let you pass . 
yes , and i 'll go last . 
then time will tell who have fall and who 's be leave behind when you go you way and i go me . 
well , the judge , he hold a grudge . 
he 's go to call on you . 
but he 's badly-built and he walk on stilt . 
watch out he do n't fall on you . 
you say you 're sorry for tell story this you know i believe be true . 
you say you get some other kind of lover and , yes , i believe you do . 
you say me kiss be not like he , but this time i 'm not go to tell you why this be . 
i 'm just go to let you pass . 
yes , and i 'll go last . 
then time will tell who have fall and who 's be leave behind when you go you way and i go me . 
#temporary like achilles stand on you window , honey , yes , i 've be here before . 
feel so harmless , i 'm look at you second door . 
how come you do n't send me no regard ? 
you know i want you love . 
honey , why be you so hard ? 
kneel beneath you ceiling , yes , i guess i 'll be here for a while . 
i 'm try to read you portrait , but i 'm helpless like a rich man 's child . 
how come you send someone out to have me bar ? 
you know i want you love . 
honey , why be you so hard ? 
like a poor fool in he prime , yes , i know you can hear me walk , but be you heart make out of stone or be it lime or be it just solid rock ? 
well , i lean into you hallway , lean against you velvet door . 
i watch upon you scorpion , who crawl across you circus floor . 
just what do you think you have to guard ? 
you know i want you love . 
honey , but you 're so hard . 
achilles be in you alleyway . 
he do n't want me here , he do brag . 
he 's point to the sky and he 's hungry like a man in drag . 
how come you get someone like he to be you guard ? 
you know i want you love . 
honey , but you 're so hard . 
#absolutely sweet marie well , you railroad gate , you know i just ca n't jump it . 
sometime it get so hard to see . 
i 'm just sit here beat on me trumpet with all this promise you leave for me . 
but where be you tonight , sweet marie ? 
well , i wait for you when i be half sick . 
yes , i wait for you when you hate me . 
well , i wait for you inside of the freeze traffic when you know i have some other place to be . 
now , where be you tonight , sweet marie ? 
well , anybody can be just like me , obviously , but then now again not too many can be like you , fortunately . 
well , six white horse this you do promise be finally deliver down to the penitentiary . 
but to live outside the law you must be honest . 
i know you always say this you agree . 
alright , so , where be you tonight , sweet marie ? 
well , i do n't know how it happen , but the riverboat captain , he know me fate . 
but everybody else , even you , they 're just go to have to wait . 
well , i get the fever down in me pocket . 
the persian drunkard , he follow me . 
yes , i can take he to you house , but i ca n't unlock it . 
you see , you forget to leave me with the key . 
oh , where be you tonight , sweet marie ? 
well , i be in jail where all the mail show this a man ca n't give he address out to bad company . 
and now i stand here look at you yellow railroad in the ruin of you balcony , wonder where you be tonight , sweet marie . 
#fourth time around when he say , "do n't waste you word , they 're just lie , " i cry he be deaf as he work on me face till break me eye , then say , "what else you get leave ? 
" it be then this i get up to leave , but he say , "do n't forget . 
everybody must give something back for something they get . 
" i stand there and hum . 
i tap on he drum . 
i ask he , "how come ? 
" and he button he boot and straighten he suit . 
then he say , "do n't get cute . 
" so i force me hand in me pocket and feel with me thumb and gallantly hand he me very last piece of gum . 
he throw me outside . 
i stand in the dirt where everyone walk . 
and , after find this i 'd forget me shirt , i wend back and knock . 
i wait in the hallway . 
he wend to get it and i try to make sense out of this picture of you in you wheelchair this lean up against he jamaican rum and , when he do come , i ask he for some . 
he say , "no , dear . 
" i say , "your word be n't clearly . 
you well spit out you plum . 
" he scream till he face get so red . 
then he fall on the floor and i cover he up and then think i 'll go look through he drawer . 
and when i be through , i fill up me shoe and bring it to you . 
and you , you take me in . 
you love me then . 
you never waste time , and i , i never take much . 
i never ask for you crutch . 
now , do n't ask for me . 
#obviously 5th believer early in the morning , early in the morning i 'm call you to , i 'm call you to please come home . 
yes , i can make it without you if i just do n't feel so all alone . 
do n't let me down . 
do n't let me down . 
i wo n't let you down . 
i wo n't let you down . 
no , i wo n't . 
you know this i know , honey , but , honey , please do n't . 
i get me black dog bark , black dog bark . 
yes , he be , now , yes , he be outside me yard . 
yes , i 'd tell you what it mean if i just do n't have to try so hard . 
you mama 's work . 
you mama 's moan . 
he 's cry , you know ? 
he 's try , you know ? 
you well go now . 
well , i 'd tell you what he want if i , but i just do n't know how . 
fifteen juggler , fifteen juggler , five believer , five believer all dress like man . 
tell you mama not to worry because , yes , they 're just me friend . 
early in the morning , early in the morning i 'm call you to , i 'm call you to please come home . 
yes , i can make it without you , honey , if i just do not feel so all alone . 
#sad eye lady of the lowland with you mercury mouth in the missionary time and you eye like smoke and you prayer like rhyme and you silver cross and you voice like chime , oh , who do they think can bury you ? 
with you pocket well protect at last and you streetcar vision , which you place on the grass , and you flesh like silk and you face like glass , who can they get to carry you ? 
sad-eyed lady of the lowland , where the sad-eyed prophet say this no man come . 
me warehouse eye , me arabian drum , should i put they by you gate ? 
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ? 
with you sheet like metal and you belt like lace and you deck of card miss the jack and the ace and you basement-clothes and you hollow face , who among they can think he can outguess you ? 
with you silhouette when the sunlight dim into you eye , where the moonlight swim , and you match-book song and you gypsy hymn , who among they will try to impress you ? 
sad-eyed lady of the lowland , where the sad-eyed prophet say this no man come . 
me warehouse eye , me arabian drum should i put they by you gate ? 
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ? 
the king of tyrus with they convict list be wait in line for they geranium kiss and you will n't know it will happen like this , but who among they really want just to kiss you ? 
with you childhood flame on you midnight rug and you spanish manner and you mother 's drug and you cowboy mouth and you curfew-plugs , who among they , do you think , can resist you ? 
sad-eyed lady of the lowland , where the sad-eyed prophet say this no man come . 
me warehouse eye , me arabian drum , should i leave they by you gate ? 
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ? 
oh , the farmer and the businessman , they all do decide to show you where the dead angel be this they use to hide , but why do they pick you to sympathize with they side ? 
how can they ever mistake you ? 
they wish you 'd accept the blame for the farm , but with the sea at you foot and the phony false alarm and with the child of the hoodlum wrap up in you arm , how can they ever have persuade you ? 
sad-eyed lady of the lowland , where the sad-eyed prophet say this no man 's come . 
me warehouse eye , me arabian drum , should i leave they by you gate ? 
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ? 
with you sheet-metal memory of cannery row and you magazine-husband , who one day just have to go , and you gentleness now , which you just ca n't help but show , who among they , do you think , will employ you ? 
now , you stand with you thief . 
you 're on he parole . 
with you holy medallion in you fingertip now this fold and you saintlike face and you ghostlike soul , who among they can ever think he can destroy you ? 
sad-eyed lady of the lowland , where the sad-eyed prophets3 say this no man come . 
me warehouse eye , me arabian drum , should i leave they by you gate ? 
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ? 
#tangled up in blue early one morning the sun be shine . 
i be lay in be , wonder if he 'd change at all , if he hair be still red . 
he folk , they say we life together sure be go to be rough . 
they never do like mama 's homemade dress . 
papa 's bankbook be n't big enough . 
and i be stand on the side of the road , rain fall on me shoe , head out for the east coast . 
lord know , i 've pay some due get through , tangle up in blue . 
he be marry when we first meet , soon to be divorce . 
i help he out of a jam , i guess , but i use a little too much force . 
we drive this car as far as we can , abandon it out west , split up on a dark , sad night , both agree it be well . 
he turn around to look at me as i be walk away . 
i hear he say over me shoulder , "we 'll meet again someday on the avenue , tangle up in blue . 
" i have a job in the great north wood , work as a cook for a spell , but i never do like it all this much and one day the ax just fall , so i drift down to new orleans , where i lucky be to be employ , work for a while on a fish boat right outside of delacroix . 
but , all the while i be alone , the past be close behind . 
i see a lot of woman , but he never escape me mind and i just grow tangle up in blue . 
he be work in a topless place and i stop in for a beer . 
i just keep look at the side of he face in the spotlight so clearly and late on , when the crowd thin out , i be just about to do the same , he be stand there in back of me chair , say to me , "do n't i know you name ? 
" i mutter something underneath me breath . 
he study the line of me face . 
i must admit , feel a little uneasy when he bend down to tie the lace of me shoe , tangle up in blue . 
he light a burner on the stave and offer me a pipe . 
"i think you 'd never say hello , " he say . 
"you look like the silent type . 
" then he open up a book of poem and hand it to me , write by an italian poet from the fifteenth century , and every one of they word ring true and glow like burn coal , pour off of every page like it be write in me soul , from me to you , tangle up in blue . 
i live with they on montague street in a basement down the stair . 
there be music in the cafe at night and revolution in the air . 
then he start into deal with slave and something inside of he die . 
he have to sell everything he own and freeze up inside . 
and , when it finally the bottom fall out , i become withdraw . 
the only thing i know how to do be to keep on keep on like a bird this fly , tangle up in blue . 
so , now i 'm go back again . 
i get to get to he somehow . 
all the people we use to know , they 're an illusion to me now . 
some be mathematician . 
some be carpenter ' wive . 
do n't know how it all get start . 
i do n't know what they 're do with they life , but me , i 'm still on the road , head for another joint . 
we always do feel the same . 
we just see it from a different point of view , tangle up in blue . 
#simple twist of fate they sit together in the park as the even sky grow dark . 
he look at he and he feel a spark tingle to he bone . 
'twas then he feel alone and wish this he 'd go straight and watch out for a simple twist of fate . 
they walk along by the old canal , a little confuse - i remember well - and stop into a strange hotel with a neon burn bright . 
he feel the heat of the night hit he like a freight train , move with a simple twist of fate . 
a saxophone someplace far off play as he be walk on by the arcade , as the light burst through a beat-up shade , where he be wake up . 
he drop a coin into the cup above a blind man at the gate and forget about a simple twist of fate . 
he wake up . 
the room be bare . 
he do n't see he anywhere . 
he tell he he do n't care , push the window open wide , feel this emptiness inside to which he just can not relate , bring on by a simple twist of fate . 
he hear the tick of the clock and walk along with a parrot this talk , hunt he down by the waterfront dock where the sailor all come in . 
maybe he 'll pick he out again . 
how long must he wait one more time for a simple twist of fate ? 
people tell me it 's a sin to know and feel too much within . 
i still believe he be me twin , but i lose the ring . 
he be bear in spring , but i be bear too late . 
blame it on a simple twist of fate . 
#you're a big girl now we conversation be short and sweet . 
it nearly sweep me off of me foot . 
and i 'm back in the rain . 
oh , and you be on dry land . 
you make it there somehow . 
you 're a big girl now . 
bird on the horizon sit on a fence , he 's sing he song for me at he own expense . 
and i 'm just like this bird , oh , sing just for you . 
i hope this you can hear , hear me sing through this tear . 
time be a jet plane . 
it move too fast . 
oh , but what a shame this all we 've share ca n't last . 
i can change , i swear . 
oh , see what you can do . 
i can make it through . 
you can make it , too . 
love be so simple , to quote a phrase . 
you 've know it all the time . 
i 'm learn it this day . 
oh , i know where i can find you , oh , in somebody 's room . 
it 's a price i have to pay . 
you 're a big girl all the way . 
a change in the weather be know to be extreme , but what 's the sense of change horse in midstream ? 
i 'm go out of me mind , oh , with a pain this stop and start like a corkscrew to me heart ever since we 've be apart . 
#idiot wind someone 's get it in for me . 
they 're plant story in the press . 
whoever it be , i wish they 'd cut it out quick , but when they will i can only guess . 
they say i shoot a man name gray and take he wife to italy . 
he inherit a million buck and , when he die , it come to me . 
i ca n't help it if i 'm lucky . 
people see me all the time and they just ca n't remember how to act . 
they mind be fill with big idea , image , and distort fact . 
even you , yesterday , you have to ask me where it be at . 
i can n't believe after all this year you do n't know me any well than this , sweet lady . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you mouth , blow down the backroads , head south . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
i run into the fortune-teller , who say beware of lightning this may strike . 
i have n't know peace and quiet for so long i ca n't remember what it 's like . 
there 's a lone soldier on the cross , smoke pour out of a boxcar door . 
you do n't know it . 
you do n't think it can be do . 
in the final end he win the war after lose every battle . 
i wake up on the roadside , daydream about the way thing sometime be . 
vision of you chestnut mare shoot through me head and be make me see star . 
you hurt the one this i love well and cover up the truth with lie . 
one day you 'll be in the ditch , fly buzz around you eye , blood on you saddle . 
idiot wind blow through the flower on you tomb , blow through the curtain in you room . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
it be gravity which pull we down and destiny which break we apart . 
you tame the lion in me cage , but it just be n't enough to change me heart . 
now everything 's a little upside down . 
as a matter of fact , the wheel have stop . 
what 's good be bad . 
what 's bad be good . 
you find out , when you reach the top , you 're on the bottom . 
i notice at the ceremony you corrupt way have finally make you blind . 
i ca n't remember you face anymore . 
you mouth have change . 
you eye do n't look into me . 
the priest wear black on the seventh day and sit stone-faced while the build burn . 
i wait for you on the run board near the cypress tree while the springtime turn slowly into autumn . 
idiot wind blow like a circle around me skull , from the grand coulee dam to the capitol . 
idiot wind blow every time you move you teeth . 
you 're an idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder this you still know how to breathe . 
i ca n't feel you anymore . 
i ca n't even touch the book you 've read . 
every time i crawl past you door , i be wish i 've be somebody else instead . 
down the highway , down the track , down the road to ecstasy , i follow you beneath the star , hound by you memory and all you rage glory . 
i be double-crossed now for the very last time and now i 'm finally free . 
i kiss goodbye the howl beast on the borderline which separate you from me . 
you 'll never know the hurt i 've suffer , nor the pain i 'd rise above and i 'll never know the same about you , you holiness , or you kind of love , and it make me feel so sorry . 
idiot wind blow through the button of we coat , blow through the letter this we write . 
idiot wind blow through the dust upon we shelve . 
we 're idiot , babe . 
it 's a wonder we can even fee we . 
#you're go to make me lonesome when you go i 've see love go by me door . 
it 's never be this close before . 
never be so easy or so slow . 
i be shoot in the dark too long . 
when something 's not right , it 's wrong . 
you 're go to make me lonesome when you go . 
dragon cloud so high above , i 've only know careless love . 
it always have hit me from below , but this time around it 's more correct , right on target , so direct . 
you 're go to make me lonesome when you go . 
purple clover , queen anne lace , crimson hair across you face , you can make me cry if you do n't know . 
ca n't remember what i be think of . 
you may be spoil me too much , love . 
you 're go to make me lonesome when you go . 
flower on the hillside bloom crazy , cricket talk back and forth in rhyme , blue river run slow and lazy , i can stay with you forever and never realize the time . 
situation have end sad . 
relationship have all be bad . 
me 've be like verlaine 's and rimbaud 's , but there 's no way i can compare all they scene to this affair . 
you 're go to make me lonesome when you go . 
you 're go to make me wonder what i 'm do , stay far behind without you . 
you 're go to make me wonder what i 'm say . 
you 're go to make me give me a good talking-to . 
i 'll look for you in old honolulu , san francisco , or ashtabula . 
you 're go to have to leave me now , i know . 
but i 'll see you in the sky above , in the tall grass , in the one i love . 
you 're go to make me lonesome when you go . 
#meet me in the morning meet me in the morning , 56th and wabasha . 
meet me in the morning , 56th and wabasha . 
honey , we can be in kansas by the time the snow begin to thaw . 
they say the dark hour be right before the dawn . 
they say the dark hour be right before the dawn , but you will n't know it by me . 
every day 's be darkness since you be go . 
little rooster crow . 
there must be something on he mind . 
little rooster crow . 
there must be something on he mind . 
well , i feel just like this rooster . 
honey , you treat me so unkind . 
well , i struggle through barb wire , feel the hail fall from above . 
well , i struggle through barb wire , feel the hail fall from above . 
well , you know , i 've even outrun the hound dog . 
honey , you know i 've earn you love . 
look at the sun sink like a ship . 
look at the sun sink like a ship . 
aing . 
this just like me heart , babe , when you kiss me lip ? 
#lily , rosemary and the jack of heart the festival be over and the boy be all plan for a fall . 
the cabaret be quiet except for the drill in the wall . 
the curfew have be lift and the gamble wheel shut down . 
anyone with any sense have already leave town . 
he be stand in the doorway , look like the jack of heart . 
he move across the mirror room . 
" set it up for everyone , " he say . 
then everyone commence to do what they be do before he turn they head . 
and he walk up to a stranger and he ask he with a grin , " can you kindly tell me , friend , what time the show begin ? 
" then he move into the corner , face down like the jack of heart . 
backstage the girl be play five-card stud by the stair . 
lily have two queen . 
he be hope for a third to match he pair . 
outside the street be fill up . 
the window be open wide . 
a gentle breeze be blow . 
you can feel it from inside . 
lily call another bet and draw up the jack of heart . 
big jim be no one 's fool . 
he own the town 's only diamond me . 
he make he usual entrance , look so dandy and so fine . 
with he bodyguard and silver cane and every hair in place , he take whatever he want to and he lay it all to waste , but he bodyguard and silver cane be no match for the jack of heart . 
rosemary comb he hair and take a carriage into town . 
he slip in through the side door , look like a queen without a crown . 
he flutter he false eyelash and whisper in he ear , " sorry , darling , this i 'm late , " but he do n't seem to hear . 
he be stare into space over at the jack of heart . 
i know i 've see this face somewhere , big jim be think to he . 
maybe down in mexico or a picture upon somebody 's shelf . 
but then the crowd begin to stamp they foot and the house light do dim and in the darkness of the room there be only jim and he , stare at the butterfly , who just draw the jack of heart . 
lily be a princess . 
he be fair-skinned and precious as a child . 
he do whatever he have to do . 
he have this certain flash every time he smile . 
he have come away from a break home , have lot of strange affair with man in every walk of life , which take he everywhere , but he 'd never meet anyone quite like the jack of heart . 
the hang judge come in unnoticed and be be wine and dine . 
the drill in the wall keep up , but no one seem to pay it any mind . 
it be know all around this lily have jim 's ring and nothing will ever come between lily and the king . 
no , nothing ever will , except maybe the jack of heart . 
rosemary start drink hard and see he reflection in the knife . 
he be tire of the attention , tire of play the role of big jim 's wife . 
he have do a lot of bad thing , even once try suicide , be look to do just one good deed before he die . 
he be gaze to the future , ride on the jack of heart . 
lily take he dress off , bury it away . 
"has you luck run out ? 
" he laugh at he . 
"well , i guess you must 've know it will some day . 
be careful not to touch the wall . 
there 's a brand-new coat of paint . 
i 'm glad to see you 're still alive . 
you 're look like a saint . 
" down the hallway footstep be come for the jack of heart . 
the backstage manager be pace all around by he chair . 
" there 's something funny go on , " he say . 
"i can just feel it in the air . 
" he wend to get the hang judge , but the hang judge be drink as the lead actor hurry by in the costume of a monk . 
there be no actor anywhere well than the jack of heart . 
no one know the circumstance , but they say this it happen pretty quick . 
the door to the dress room burst open and a colt revolver click . 
and big jim be stand there  you can n't say surprise , rosemary right beside he , steady in he eye . 
he be with big jim , but he be lean to the jack of heart . 
two door down the boy finally make it through the wall and clean out the bank safe . 
it 's say they get off with quite a haul . 
in the darkness by the riverbed they wait on the grind for one more member , who have business back in town , for they can n't go no further without the jack of heart . 
the next day be hang day . 
the sky be overcast and black . 
big jim lie cover up , kill by a penknife in the back . 
and rosemary on the gallows , he do n't even blink . 
the hang judge be sober . 
he have n't have a drink . 
the only person on the scene miss be the jack of heart . 
the cabaret be empty now . 
a sign say " close for repair " . 
lily have already take all of the dye out of he hair . 
he be think about he father , who he very rarely see , think about rosemary and think about the law , but more of all he be think about the jack of heart . 
#if you see he , say hello if you see he , say hello . 
he may be in tangier . 
he leave here last early spring , be live there , i hear . 
say for me this i 'm alright , though thing get kind of slow . 
he may think this i 've forget he . 
do n't tell he . 
it be n't so . 
we have a falling-out like lover often will and to think of how he leave this night it still bring me a chill . 
and , though we separation , it pierce me to the heart , he still live inside of me . 
we 've never be apart . 
if you get close to he , kiss he once for me . 
i always have respect he for do what he do and get free . 
oh , whatever make he happy , i wo n't stand in the way for the bitter taste still linger on from the night i try to make he stay . 
i see a lot of people as i make the round and i hear he name here and there as i go from town to town . 
and i 've never gotten use to it . 
i 've just learn to turn it off . 
either i 'm too sensitive or else i 'm get soft . 
sundown , yellow moon , i replay the past . 
i know every scene by heart . 
they all wend by so fast . 
if he 's pass back this way , i 'm not this hard to find . 
tell he he can look me up if he 's get the time . 
#shelter from the storm 'twas in another lifetime , one of toil and blood , when blackness be a virtue , the road be full of mud . 
i come in from the wilderness a creature void of form . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" and , if i pass this way again , you can rest assure . 
i 'll always do me well for he . 
on this i give me word . 
in a world of steel-eyed death and man who be fight to be warm , " come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" not a word be speak between we . 
there be little risk involve . 
everything up to this point have be leave unresolved . 
try imagine a place where it 's always safe and warm . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" i be burn out from exhaustion , bury in the hail , poison in the bush and blow out on the trail , hunt like a crocodile , ravage in the corn . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" suddenly i turn around and he be stand there with silver bracelet on he wrist and flower in he hair . 
he walk up to me so gracefully and take me crown of thorn . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" now there 's a wall between we . 
something there 's be lose . 
i take too much for grant . 
i get me signal cross . 
just to think this it all begin on a non-eventful morn . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" well , the deputy walk on hard nail and the preacher ride a mount , but nothing really matter much . 
it 's doom alone this count . 
and the one-eyed undertaker , he blow a futile horn . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" i 've hear newborn baby wail like a mourn dive and old man with break teeth , strand without love . 
do i understand you question , man ? 
be it hopeless and forlorn ? 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" in a little hilltop village they gamble for me clothe . 
i bargain for salvation and he give me a lethal dose . 
i offer up me innocence . 
i get repay with scorn . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" well , i 'm live in a foreign country , but i 'm bind to cross the line . 
beauty walk a razor 's edge . 
some day i 'll make it me . 
if i can only turn back the clock to when god and he be bear . 
" come in , " he say . 
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . 
" #buckets of rain bucket of rain , bucket of tear , get all they bucket come out of me ear . 
bucket of moonbeam in me hand . 
you get all the love , honey baby , i can stand . 
i be meek and hard like an oak . 
i 've see pretty people disappear like smoke . 
friend will arrive . 
friend will disappear . 
if you want me , honey baby , i 'll be here . 
i like the smile in you fingertip . 
i like the way this you move you hip . 
i like the cool way you look at me . 
everything about you be bring me misery . 
little red wagon , little red bike , i be not no monkey , but i know what i like . 
i like the way you love me strong and slow . 
i 'm take you with me , honey baby , where i go . 
life be sad . 
life be a bust . 
all you can do be do what you must . 
you do what you must do and you do it well . 
i do it for you . 
honey baby , ca n't you tell ? 
#subterranean homesick blue johnny 's in the basement , mix up the medicine . 
i 'm on the pavement , think about the government . 
the man in the trench coat , badge out , lay off , say he 's get a bad cough , want to get it pay off . 
look out , kid , it 's something you do . 
god know when , but you 're do it again . 
you well duck down the alleyway , look for a new friend . 
the man in the coon-skin cap in the pigpen want eleven dollar bill . 
you only get ten . 
maggie come fleet-foot , face full of black soot , talk this the heat put plant in the be , but the phone 's tap , anyway . 
maggie say this many say they must bust in early may , order from the d.a . 
look out , kid , do n't matter what you do . 
do n't walk on you tip-toes , do n't try no doz , well stay away from this this carry around a fire-hose , keep a clean nose , watch the plain clothe . 
you do n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blow . 
ah , get sick , get well , hang around the ink-well , ring bell , hard to tell if anything be go to sell , try hard , get bar , get back , write braille , get jail , jump bail , join the army if you fail . 
look out , kid , you 're go to get hit by loser , cheater , six-time user hang around the theater . 
girl by the whirlpool 's look for a new fool . 
do n't follow leader , watch the park meter . 
oh , get bear , keep warm , short pant , romance , learn to dance , get dress , get bless , try to be a success , please he , please he , buy gift , do n't steal , do n't lift . 
twenty year of school and they put you on the day shift . 
look out , kid , they keep it all hide . 
well jump down a manhole , light you a candle , do n't wear sandal , and try to avoid the scandal . 
do n't want to be a bum ? 
you well chew gum , the pump do n't work because the vandal take the handle . 
#she belong to me he 's get everything he need . 
he 's an artist . 
he do n't look back , he 's get everything he need . 
he 's an artist . 
he do n't look back . 
he can take the dark out of the night-time and paint the day-time black . 
you will start out stand , proud to steal he anything he see . 
you will start out stand , proud to steal he anything he see , but you will wind up peek through he keyhole down upon you knee . 
he never stumble . 
he 's get no place to fall . 
he never stumble . 
he 's get no place to fall . 
he 's nobody 's child . 
the law ca n't touch he at all . 
he wear an egyptian ring . 
it sparkle before he speak . 
he wear an egyptian ring . 
it sparkle before he speak . 
he 's a hypnotist collector . 
you be a walk antique . 
bow down to he on sunday . 
salute he when he birthday come . 
bow down to he on sunday . 
salute he when he birthday come . 
for halloween buy he a trumpet and for christmas give he a drum . 
#maggie 's farm i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
no , i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
well , i wake up in the morning , fold me hand , and pray for rain . 
i get a head full of idea this be drive me insane . 
it 's a shame the way he make me scrub the floor . 
i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's brother no more . 
no , i be not go to work for maggie 's brother no more . 
well , he hand you a nickel . 
he hand you a dime . 
he ask you with a grin if you 're have a good time . 
then he fine you every time you slam the door . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's brother no more . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's pa no more . 
no , i be not go to work for maggie 's pa no more . 
well , he put he cigar out in you face just for kick . 
he bedroom window , it be make out of brick . 
the national guard stand around he door . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's pa no more . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's ma no more . 
no , i be not go to work for maggie 's ma no more . 
well , he talk to all the servant about man and god and law . 
everybody say he 's the brain behind pa . 
he 's 68 , but he say he 's 54 . 
i be not go to work for maggie 's ma no more . 
i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
well , i try me well to be just like i be , but everybody want you to be just like they . 
they say , " sing while you slave ! 
" and i just get bore . 
i be not go to work on maggie 's farm no more . 
#love minus zero no limit me love , he speak like silence , without ideal or violence . 
he do n't have to say he 's faithful . 
yet he 's true like ice , like fire . 
people carry rose and make promise by the hour . 
me love , he laugh like the flower . 
valentine ca n't buy he . 
in the dimestores and bus-stations people talk of situation , read book , repeat quotation , draw conclusion on the wall . 
some speak of the future . 
me love , he speak softly . 
he know there 's no success like failure and this failure 's no success at all . 
the cloak and dagger dangle . 
madam light the candle . 
in ceremony of the horseman even the pawn must hold a grudge . 
statue make of matchstick crumble into one another . 
me love wink . 
he do not bother . 
he know too much to argue or to judge . 
the bridge at midnight tremble . 
the country doctor ramble . 
banker ' niece seek perfection , expect all the gift this wise man bring . 
the wind howl like a hammer and the night blow rainy . 
me love , he 's like some raven at me window with a break wing . 
#outlaw blue aing . 
it hard to stumble and land in some funny lagoon ? 
aing . 
it hard to stumble and land in some muddy lagoon , especially when it 's nine below zero and three o'clock in the afternoon ? 
aing . 
go to hang no picture . 
aing . 
go to hang no picture-frame . 
aing . 
go to hang no picture or hang no picture-frame . 
well , i may look like robert ford , but i feel just like jesse james . 
well , i wish i be on some australian mountain range . 
oh , i wish i be on some australian mountain range . 
i get no reason to be there , but i imagine it will be some kind of change . 
i get me dark sunglasses . 
i get for good luck me black tooth . 
i get me dark sunglasses , i 'm carry for good luck me black tooth . 
do n't ask me nothing about nothing . 
i just may tell you the truth . 
i get a woman in jackson . 
oh , i be not go to say he name . 
i get a woman in jackson . 
i be not go to say he name . 
he 's a brown-skin woman , but i , i love he just the same . 
#on the road again well , i wake up in the morning , there 's frog inside me sock . 
you mama , he 's hide inside the icebox . 
you daddy walk in wear a napoleon bonaparte mask . 
and you ask why i do n't live here . 
honey , do you have to ask ? 
well , i go to pet you monkey , i get a face full of claw . 
i say , "who 's in the fireplace ? 
" and you tell me , " santa claus . 
" the milkman come in , he 's wear a derby hat . 
and you ask why i do n't live here . 
honey , how come you have to ask me this ? 
well , i ask for something to eat , i 'm hungry as a hog , so i get brown rice , seaweed , and a dirty hot dog . 
i 've get a hole where me stomach disappear . 
then you ask why i do n't live here . 
honey , i get to think you 're really weird . 
you grandpa 's cane , it turn into a sword . 
you grandma pray to picture this be paste on a board . 
everything inside me pocket you uncle steal . 
and you ask why i do n't live here . 
honey , i ca n't believe this you 're for real . 
well , there 's fistfight in the kitchen . 
they 're enough to make me cry . 
then the mailman come in . 
even he 's get to take a side , even the butler , he 's get something to prove . 
and you ask why i do n't live here . 
honey , how come you do n't move ? 
#bob dylan 's 115th dream i be ride on the mayflower when i think i spy some land . 
i yell for captain arab , i 'll have you understand , who come run to the deck , say , "boys , forget the whale . 
look on over yonder ! 
cut the engine ! 
change the sail ! 
haul on the bowline " . 
we sing this melody like all tough sailor do when they 're far away at sea . 
"i think i 'll call it america , " i say as we hit land . 
i take a deep breath . 
i fall down . 
i can not stand . 
captain arab , he start write up some deed . 
he say , "let 's set up a fort and start buy the place with bead . 
" just then this cop come down the street , crazy as a loon . 
he throw we all in jail for carry harpoon . 
oh , me , i bust out . 
do n't even ask me how . 
i wend to get some help . 
i walk by a guernsey cow , who direct me down to the bowery slum , where people carry sign around , say "ban the bum " . 
i jump right into line , say , "i hope this i 'm not late" , when i realize i have n't eat for five day straight . 
i wend into a restaurant look for the cook . 
i tell 'em i be the editor of a famous etiquette book . 
the waitress , he be handsome . 
he wear a powder-blue cape . 
i order some suzette . 
i say , " can you please make this crepe ? 
" just then the whole kitchen explode from boil fat . 
food be fly everywhere . 
i leave without me hat . 
now , i do n't mean to be nosy , but i wend into a bank to get some bail for arab and all the boy back in the tank . 
they ask me for some collateral and i pull down me pant . 
they throw me in the alley when up come this girl from france , who invite me to he house . 
i wend , but he have a friend who knock me out and rob me boot and i be on the street again . 
well , i rap upon a house with the u .s . 
flag upon display . 
i say , " can you help me out ? 
i get some friend down the way . 
" the man say , "get out of here ! 
i 'll tear you limb from limb ! 
" i say , "you know , they refuse jesus too . 
" he say , "you're not he ! 
get out of here before i break you bone . 
i be not you pop ! 
" i decide to have he arrest and i wend look for a cop . 
i run right outside . 
i hop inside a cab . 
i wend out the other door , this englishman say "fab ! 
" as he see me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot this stand park across from a build advertise brotherhood . 
i run right through the front door like a hobo-sailor do , but it be just a funeral parlor and the man ask me who i be . 
i repeat this me friend be all in jail with a sigh . 
he give me he card . 
he say , " call me if they die . 
" i shake he hand and say goodbye , run out to the street when a bowl ball come down the road and knock me off me foot . 
a pay phone be ring . 
it just about blow me mind . 
when i pick it up and say hello , this foot come through the line . 
well , by this time i be feed up at try to make a stab at bring back any help for me friend and captain arab . 
i decide to flip a coin , like either head or tail will let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail . 
so i hock me sailor suit and i get a coin to flip . 
it come up tail . 
it rhyme with sail , so i make it back to the ship . 
well , i get back , take the park ticket off the mast . 
i be rip it to shred when this coastguard boat wend past . 
they ask me me name and i say , " captain kidd" . 
they believe me , but they want to know what exactly this i do . 
i say for the pope of eruke i be employ . 
they let me go right away . 
they be very paranoid . 
well , the last i hear of arab , he be stick on a whale this be marry to the deputy sheriff of the jail . 
but the funny thing be , when i be leave the bay , i see three ship sail . 
they be all head me way . 
i ask the captain what he name be and how come he do n't drive a truck . 
he say he name be columbus . 
i just say , " good luck . 
" #mr . 
tambourine man hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
i 'm not sleepy and there be no place i 'm go to . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come follow you . 
though i know this even 's empire have return into sand , vanish from me hand , leave me blindly here to stand , but still not sleep , me weariness amaze me , i 'm brand on me foot , i have no one to meet , and the ancient , empty street 's too dead for dream . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
i 'm not sleepy and there be no place i 'm go to . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come follow you . 
take me on a trip upon you magic , swirl ship . 
me sense have be strip . 
me hand ca n't feel to grip . 
me toe , too numb to step , wait only for me boot-heels to be wander . 
i 'm ready to go anywhere . 
i 'm ready for to fade into me own parade . 
cast you dance spell me way , i promise to go under it . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
i 'm not sleepy and there be no place i 'm go to . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come follow you . 
though you may hear laugh , spin , swing madly across the sun , it 's not aim at anyone , it 's just escape on the run , and but for the sky there be no fence face . 
and , if you hear vague trace of skip reel of rhyme to you tambourine in time , it 's just a rag clown behind . 
i will n't pay it any mind . 
it 's just a shadow you 're see this he 's chase . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
i 'm not sleepy and there be no place i 'm go to . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come follow you . 
and take me disappear through the smoke-rings of me mind , down the foggy ruin of time , far past the freeze leave , the haunt , frighten tree , out to the windy beach , far from the twist reach of crazy sorrow . 
yes , to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand wave free , silhouette by the sea , circle by the circus sand , with all memory and fate drive deep beneath the wave , let me forget about today until tomorrow . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
i 'm not sleepy and there be no place i 'm go to . 
hey , mr . 
tambourine man , play a song for me . 
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come follow you . 
#gates of eden of war and peace the truth just twist . 
it curfew-gull , it glide upon four-legged forest-clouds . 
the cowboy angel ride with he candle light into the sun though it glow be wax in black , all except when beneath the tree of eden . 
the lamppost stand with fold arm , it iron claw attach to curb beneath hole where baby wail though it shadow 's metal badge all and all can only fall with a crash , but meaningless blow . 
no sound ever come from the gate of eden . 
the savage soldier stick he head in sand and then complain unto the shoeless hunter who 's go deaf , but still remain upon the beach , where hound dog bay at ship with tattoo sail , head for the gate of eden . 
with a time-rusted compass blade , aladdin and he lamp sit with utopian hermit-monks side-saddle on the golden calf and on they promise of paradise you will not hear a laugh , all except inside the gate of eden . 
relationship of ownership , they whisper in the wing to this condemn to act accordingly and wait for succeed king and i try to harmonize with song the lonesome sparrow sing . 
there be no king inside the gate of eden . 
the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and he silver-studded phantom cause the gray-flannel dwarf to scream as he weep to wicked bird of prey , who pick up on he breadcrumb sin and there be no sin inside the gate of eden . 
the kingdom of experience , in the precious wind they rot while pauper change possession , each one wish for what the other have get . 
and the princess and the prince discuss what 's real and what be not . 
it do n't matter inside the gate of eden . 
the foreign sun , it squint upon a be this be never me as friend and other stranger from they fate try to resign , leave man wholly , totally free to do anything they wish to do , but die and there be no trial inside the gate of eden . 
at dawn me lover come to me and tell me of he dream with no attempt to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one mean . 
at time i think there be no word but this to tell what 's true and there be no truth outside the gate of eden . 
#it 's alright , ma ( i 'm only bleed ) darkness at the break of noon shadow even the silver spoon . 
the hand-made blade , the child 's balloon eclipse both the sun and moon . 
to understand , you know too soon there 's no sense in try . 
point threat , they bluff with scorn . 
suicide remark be tear from the fool 's gold mouthpiece . 
the hollow horn play waste word , prove to warn this he not busy be bear be busy dying . 
temptation 's page fly out the door . 
you follow , find you at war , watch waterfall of pity roar . 
you feel to moan , but unlike before you discover this you 'd just be one more person cry . 
so , do n't fear if you hear a foreign sound to you ear . 
it 's alright , ma , i 'm only sigh . 
as some warn victory , some downfall , private reason , great or small , can be see in the eye of this this call to make all this should be kill to crawl while others say , "do n't hate nothing at all except hatred . 
" disillusion word like bullet bark as human god aim for they mark , make everything from toy gun this spark to flesh-colored christ this glow in the dark . 
it 's easy to see without look too far this not much be really sacred . 
while preacher preach of evil fate , teacher teach this knowledge wait , can lead to hundred-dollar plate , goodness hide behind it gate , but even the president of the unite state sometime must have to stand naked . 
and , though the rule of the road have be lodge , it 's only people 's game this you get to dodge and it 's alright , ma , i can make it . 
advertise sign this con you into think you 're the one this can do what 's never be do , this can win what 's never be win . 
meantime life outside go on all around you . 
you lose you . 
you reappear . 
you suddenly find you get nothing to fear . 
alone you stand with nobody near when a tremble , distant voice , unclear , startle you sleep ear to hear this somebody think they really find you . 
a question in you nerve be light , yet you know there be no answer fit to satisfy , ensure you not to quit , to keep it in you mind and not forget this it be not he or he or they or it this you belong to . 
but , though the master make the rule for the wise man and the fool , i get nothing , ma , to live up to . 
for they this must obey authority this they do not respect in any degree , who despise they job , they destiny , speak jealously of they this be free , do what they do just to be nothing more than something they invest in . 
while some on principle baptize to strict party-platform tie , social club in drag disguise , outsider they can freely criticize , tell nothing except who to idolize and say , "god bless he . 
" while one who sing with he tongue on fire gargle in the rat-race choir , bend out of shape from society 's plier , care not to come up any high , but rather get you down in the hole this he 's in . 
but i mean no harm nor put fault on anyone this life in a vault , but it 's alright , ma , if i ca n't please he . 
old-lady judge watch people in pair . 
limit in sex they dare to push fake moral , insult , and stare while money do n't talk , it swear , obscenity  who really care ? 
 propaganda all be phony . 
while they this defend what they can see with a killer 's pride , security , it blow they mind more bitterly for they this think death 's honesty wo n't fall upon they naturally , life sometime must get lonely . 
me eye collide head-on with stuff graveyard , false goal . 
i scuff at pettiness , which play so rough , walk upside-down inside handcuff , kick me leg to crash it off , say , "ok , i 've have enough , what else can you show me ? 
" and , if me thought-dreams can be see , they 'd probably put me head in a guillotine , but it 's alright , ma , it 's life and life only . 
#it 's all over now , baby blue you must leave now . 
take what you need , you think will last , but whatever you wish to keep , you well grab it fast . 
yonder stand you orphan with he gun , cry like a fire in the sun . 
look out , the saint be come through and it 's all over now , baby blue . 
the highway be for gambler . 
well use you sense , take what you have gather from coincidence . 
the empty-handed painter from you street be draw crazy pattern on you sheet , the sky , too , be fold under you and it 's all over now , baby blue . 
all you seasick sailor , they 're all row home . 
you own empty-handed army be all go home . 
you lover , who just walk out you door , have take all he blanket from the floor . 
the carpet , too , be move under you and it 's all over now , baby blue . 
leave you stepping-stones behind . 
there 's something this call for you . 
forget the dead you 've leave . 
they will not follow you . 
the vagabond who 's rap at you door be stand in the clothe this you once wear . 
strike another match . 
go start anew . 
and it 's all over now , baby blue . 
#like a roll stone once upon a time you dress so fine , throw the bum a dime in you prime , do n't you ? 
people 'd call , say , "beware , doll , you 're bind to fall" . 
you think they be all kid you . 
you use to laugh about everybody this be hang out . 
now you do n't talk so loud . 
now you do n't seem so proud about have to be scrounge you next meal . 
how do it feel ? 
how do it feel to be without a home , like a complete unknown , like a roll stone ? 
oh , you go to the fine school , alright , ms . 
lonely , but you know you only use to get juiced in it . 
nobody 's ever teach you how to live out on the street and now you 're go to have to get use to it . 
you say you 'd never compromise with the mystery tramp , but now you realize he 's not sell any alibi as you stare into the vacuum of he eye and say , "do you want to make a deal ? 
" how do it feel ? 
how do it feel to be on you own , with no direction home , a complete unknown , like a roll stone ? 
oh , you never turn around to see the frown on the juggler and the clown when they all do trick for you . 
you never understand this it be not no good . 
you should n't let other people get you kick for you . 
you use to ride on the chrome horse with you diplomat , who carry on he shoulder a siamese cat . 
aing . 
it hard when you discover this he really be n't where it 's at after he take from you everything he can steal ? 
how do it feel ? 
how do it feel to be on you own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a roll stone ? 
oh , princess on the steeple and all the pretty people , they 're all drink , think this they get it make , exchange all precious gift , but you 'd well take you diamond ring , you 'd well pawn it , babe . 
you use to be so amuse at napoleon in rag and the language this he use . 
go to he now . 
he call you . 
you ca n't refuse . 
when you be not get nothing , you get nothing to lose . 
you 're invisible now . 
you get no secret to conceal . 
how do it feel ? 
oh , how do it feel to be on you own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a roll stone ? 
#tombstone blue the sweet , pretty thing be in be now of course . 
the city father , they 're try to endorse the reincarnation of paul revere 's horse , but the town have no need to be nervous . 
the ghost of belle starr , he hand down he wit to jezebel . 
the nun , he violently knit a bald wig for jack the ripper , who sit at the head of the chamber of commerce . 
mama 's in a factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blue . 
the hysterical bride in the penny arcade , scream , he moan , "i have just be make ! 
" then send out for the doctor , who pull down the shade and say , "my advice be to not let the boy in . 
" now , the medicine man come and he shuffle inside . 
he walk with a swagger and he say to the bride , " stop all this weep . 
swallow you pride . 
you will not die . 
it 's not poison ! 
" mama 's in the factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blue . 
well , john the baptist , after torture a thief , look up at he hero , the commander-in-chief , say , "tell me , great hero , but please make it brief , be there a hole for me to get sick in ? 
" the commander-in-chief answer he while chase a fly , say , "death to all this who will whimper and cry ! 
" and , drop a barbell , he point to the sky , say , " the sun 's not yellow . 
it 's chicken ! 
" mama 's in the factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blue . 
the king of the philistine , he soldier to save , put jawbone on they tombstone and flatter they grave , put the pied-pipers in prison and fatten the slave , then send they out to the jungle . 
gypsy davey with a blowtorch , he burn out they camp . 
with he faithful slave pedro behind he he tramp with a fantastic collection of stamp to win friend and influence he uncle . 
mama 's in a factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in trouble with the tombstone blue . 
the geometry of innocent flesh on the bone cause galileo 's math book to get throw at delilah , who 's sit worthlessly alone , but the tear on he cheek be from laughter . 
i wish i can give brother bill he great thrill . 
i will set he in chain at the top of the hill , then send out for some pillar and cecil b . 
demill . 
he can die happily ever after . 
mama 's in the factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blue . 
where ma rainey and beethoven once unwrap they bedroll , tuba player now rehearse around the flagpole and the national bank at a profit sell road map for the soul to the old folk ' home and the college . 
i wish i can write you a melody so plain this can hold you , dear lady , from go insane , this can ease you and cool you and cease the pain of you useless and pointless knowledge . 
mama 's in the factory . 
he be not get no shoe . 
daddy 's in the alley . 
he 's look for food . 
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blue . 
#it take a lot to laugh , it take a train to cry well , i ride on a mail-train , baby , ca n't buy a thrill . 
well , i 've be up all night , lean on the windowsill . 
well , if i die on top of the hill and if i do n't make it , you know me baby will . 
do n't the moon look good , mama , shine through the tree ? 
do n't the brakeman look good , mama , flag down the double e ? 
do n't the sun look good go down over the sea ? 
but do n't me gal look fine when he 's come after me ? 
now , the wintertime be come . 
the window be fill with frost . 
i wend to tell everybody , but i can not get across . 
well , i want to be you lover , baby . 
i do n't want to be you boss . 
do n't say i never warn you when you train get lose . 
#from a buick 6th i get this graveyard woman , you know , he keep me kid . 
but me soulful mama , you know , he keep me hide . 
he 's a junkyard angel and he always give me bread . 
well , if i fall down dying , you know , he bind to put a blanket on me be . 
well , when the pipeline get break and i 'm lose on the river bridge , i 'm all crack up on the highway and in the water 's edge , again he come down the thruway ready to sew me up with the thread . 
well , if i fall down dying , you know , he bind to put a blanket on me be . 
well , he do n't make me nervous . 
he do n't talk too much . 
he walk like bo diddley and he do n't need no crutch . 
he keep this .410 all load with lead . 
well , if i fall down dying , you know , he bind to put a blanket on me be . 
come on ! 
well , you know , i need a steam-shovel , mama , to keep away the dead . 
i need a dump-truck , baby , to unload me head . 
he bring me everything and more and just like i say , well , if i fall down dying , you know , he bind to put a blanket on me be . 
#ballad of a thin man you walk into the room with you pencil in you hand . 
you see somebody naked and you , you say , " who be this man ? 
" you try so hard , but you do n't understand just what you will say when you get home because something be happen here , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you raise up you head and you ask , "is this where it be ? 
" and somebody point to you and say , "it 's he . 
" and you say , "what 's me ? 
" and somebody else say , "where what be ? 
" and you say , "oh , me god , be i here all alone ? 
" but something be happen and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you hand in you ticket and you go watch the geek , who immediately walk up to you when he hear you speak and say , "how do it feel to be such a freak ? 
" and you say , "impossible ! 
" as he hand you a bone . 
and something be happen here , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you have many contact among the lumberjack to get you fact when someone attack you imagination . 
but nobody have any respect . 
anyway , they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organization . 
oh , you be with the professor and they 've all like you look . 
with great lawyer you have discuss leper and crook . 
you be through all of f . 
scott fitzgerald 's book . 
you 're very well-read . 
it 's well-known . 
but something be happen here and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
well , the sword swallower , he come up to you and then he kneel . 
he cross he and then he click he high heel and without further notice he ask you how it feel and he say , "here be you throat back . 
thank for the loan . 
" and you know something be happen , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
now , you see this one-eyed midget shout the word now and you say , " for what reason ? 
" and he say , "how ? 
" and you say , "what do this mean ? 
" and he scream back , "you're a cow ! 
give me some milk or else go home ! 
" and you know something 's happen , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
well , you walk into the room like a camel and then you frown . 
you put you eye in you pocket and you nose on the grind . 
there ought to be a law against you come around . 
you should be make to wear earphone because something be happen and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
#queen jane approximately when you mother send back all you invitation and you father , to you sister he explain this you 're tire of you and all of you creation , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
now , when all of the flower-ladies want back what they have lend you and the smell of they rose do not remain and all of you child start to resent you , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
now , when all the clown this you have commission have die in battle or in vain and you 're sick of all this repetition , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
oh , when all of you adviser heave they plastic at you foot to convince you of you pain , try to prove this you conclusion should be more drastic , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
now , when all of the bandit this you turn you other cheek to all lie down they bandana and complain and you want somebody you do n't have to speak to , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
oh , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ? 
#highway 61 revisit oh , god say to abraham , "kill me a son . 
" abe say , "man , you must be put me on . 
" god say , "no . 
" abe say , "what ? 
" god say , "you can do what you want , abe , but the next time you see me come you well run . 
" well , abe say , "where you want this kill do ? 
" god say , "oh , down highway 61 ." well , georgia sam , he have a bloody nose . 
welfare department , they will n't give he no clothe . 
he ask poor howard , "where can i go ? 
" howard say , " there 's only one place i know . 
" sam say , "tell me quick , man . 
i get to run ! 
" oh , howard just point with he gun and say , " this way , down highway 61 ." well , mack the finger say to louis the king , "i get forty red , white , and blue shoestring and a thousand telephone this do n't ring . 
do you know where i can get rid of this thing ? 
" and louis the king say , "let me think for a minute , son . 
" then he say , "yes , i think it can be easily do . 
just take everything down to highway 61 ." now , the fifth daughter on the twelfth night tell the first father this thing be n't right . 
"my complexion , " he say , "is much too white . 
" he say , " come here and step into the light . 
" he say , "hmm , you 're right . 
let me tell the second mother this have be do . 
" but the second mother be with the seventh son and they be both out on highway 61 . 
now , the rove gambler , he be very bore try to create a next world war . 
he find a promoter , who nearly fall off the floor . 
he say , "i never engage in this kind of thing before , but , yes , i think it can be very easily do . 
we 'll just put some bleacher out in the sun and have it on highway 61 ." # just like tom thumb 's blue when you 're lose in the rain in juarez and it 's eastertime , too , and you gravity fail and negativity do n't pull you through , do n't put on any air when you 're down on rue morgue avenue . 
they get some hungry woman there and they really make a mess out of you . 
now , if you see saint annie , please tell he " thank a lot " . 
i can move . 
me finger be all in a knot . 
i do n't have the strength to get up and take another shoot and me well friend , me doctor , wo n't even say what it be i 've get . 
sweet melinda , the peasant call he the "goddess of gloom" . 
he speak good english and he invite you up into he room . 
and you 're so kind and careful not to go to he too soon as he take you voice and leave you howl at the moon . 
up on house project hill it 's either fortune or fame . 
you must pick one or the other though neither of they be to be what they claim . 
if you 're look to get silly , you well go back to from where you come because the cop do n't need you and , man , they expect the same . 
now , all the authority , they just stand around and boast how they blackmail the sergeant-at-arms into leave he post and pick up angel , who just arrive here from the coast , who look so fine at first , but leave look just like a ghost . 
i start out on burgundy , but soon hit the hard stuff . 
everybody say they 'd stand behind me when the game get rough , but the joke be on me . 
there be nobody even there to bluff . 
i 'm go back to new york city . 
i do believe i 've have enough . 
#desolation row they 're sell postcard of the hang . 
they 're paint the passport brown . 
the beauty parlor be fill with sailor . 
the circus be in town . 
here come the blind commissioner . 
they 've get he in a trance . 
one hand be tie to the tight-rope walker . 
the other be in he pant . 
and the riot squad , they 're restless . 
they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight from desolation row . 
cinderella , he seem so easy . 
"it take one to know one , " he smile and put he hand in he back pocket bette davis-style . 
and in come romeo , he 's moan . 
"you belong to me , i believe . 
" and someone say , "you're in the wrong place , me friend . 
you 'd well leave . 
" and the only sound this 's leave after the ambulance go be cinderella sweep up on desolation row . 
now , the moon be almost hide . 
the star be begin to hide . 
the fortune-telling lady have even take all he thing inside . 
all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame , everybody be make love or else expect rain . 
and the good samaritan , he 's dress . 
he 's get ready for the show . 
he 's go to the carnival tonight on desolation row . 
ophelia , he 's beneath the window . 
for he i feel so afraid . 
on he twenty-second birthday he already be an old maid . 
to he death be quite romantic . 
he wear an iron vest . 
he profession 's he religion . 
he sin be he lifelessness . 
and , though he eye be fix upon noah 's great rainbow , he spend he time peek into desolation row . 
einstein , disguise as robin hood , with he memory in a trunk , pass this way an hour ago with he friend , a jealous monk . 
now , he look so immaculately frightful as he bum a cigarette . 
then he wend off sniff drainpipe and recite the alphabet . 
you will not think to look at he , but he be famous long ago for play the electric violin on desolation row . 
dr . 
filth , he keep he world inside of a leather cup , but all he sexless patient , they be try to blow it up . 
now , he nurse , some local loser , he 's in charge of the cyanide hole and he also keep the card this read "have mercy on he soul" . 
they all play on the penny-whistle . 
you can hear they blow if you lean you head out far enough from desolation row . 
across the street they 've nail the curtain . 
they 're get ready for the feast , the phantom of the opera in a perfect image of a priest . 
they 're spoon-feeding casanova to get he to feel more assure . 
then they 'll kill he with self-confidence after poison he with word . 
and the phantom 's shout to skinny girl , "get outta here if you do n't know . 
casanova be just be punish for go to desolation row ! 
" at midnight all the agent and the superhuman crow come out and round up everyone this know more than they do . 
then they bring they to the factory where the heart-attack machine be strap across they shoulder and then the kerosene be bring down from the castle by insurance-men who go check to see this nobody be escape to desolation row . 
praise be to nero 's neptune . 
the titanic sail at dawn . 
everybody 's shout , " which side be you on ? 
" and ezra pound and t .s . 
eliot fight in the captaing . 
tower while calypso-singers laugh at they and fisherman hold flower between the window of the sea , where lovely mermaid flow , and nobody have to think too much about desolation row . 
yes , i receive you letter yesterday about the time the door knob break . 
when you ask me how i be do , be this some kind of joke ? 
all this people this you mention , yes , i know they . 
they 're quite lame . 
i have to rearrange they face and give they all another name . 
right now i ca n't read too good . 
do n't send me no more letter , no , not unless you mail they from desolation row . 
# john wesley harding john wesley harding be a friend to the poor . 
he travel with a gun in every hand . 
all along this countryside he open many a door , but he be never know to hurt an honest man . 
'twas down in chaynee county a time they talk about , with he lady by he side he take a stand and soon the situation there be all but straighten out for he be always know to lend a help hand . 
all across the telegraph he name , it do resound , but no charge hold against he can they prove and there be no man around who can track or chain he down . 
he be never know to make a foolish move . 
#as i wend out one morning as i wend out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine 's , i spy the fair damsel this ever do walk in chain . 
i offer he me hand . 
he take me by the arm . 
i know this very instant he mean to do me harm . 
"depart from me this moment , " i tell he with me voice . 
say he , " but i do n't wish to . 
" say i , " but you have no choice . 
" "i beg you , sir , " he plead from the corner of he mouth . 
"i will secretly accept you and together we 'll fly south . 
" just then tom paine he come run from across the field , shout at this lovely girl and command he to yield . 
and , as he be let go he grip , up tom paine do run . 
"i 'm sorry , sir , " he say to me . 
"i 'm sorry for what he 's do . 
" #i dream i see st . 
augustine i dream i see saint augustine alive as you or me , tear through this quarter in the utmost misery with a blanket underneath he arm and a coat of solid gold , search for the very soul who already have be sell . 
"arise , arise ! 
" he cry so loud with a voice without restraint . 
" come out , ye gift king and queen , and hear me sad complaint ! 
no martyr be among ye now who you can call you own . 
but , go on you way accordingly , but know you 're not alone . 
" i dream i see saint augustine alive with fiery breath and i dream i be amongst the one this put he out to death . 
oh , i awake in anger , so alone and terrify . 
i put me finger against the glass and bow me head and cry . 
#all along the watchtower " there must be some way out of here , " say the joker to the thief . 
" there 's too much confusion . 
i ca n't get no relief . 
businessman , they drink me wine . 
plowman dig me earth . 
none of they along the line know what any of it be worth . 
" " no reason to get excite , " the thief , he kindly speak . 
" there be many here among we who feel this life be but a joke , but you and i , we 've be through this and this be not we fate , so let we not talk falsely now . 
the hour be get late . 
" all along the watchtower prince keep the view while all the woman come and wend , barefoot servant , too . 
outside in the distance a wildcat do growl . 
two rider be approach . 
the wind begin to howl . 
# the ballad of frankie lee and judas priest well , frankie lee and judas priest , they be the well of friend . 
so , when frankie lee need money one day , judas quickly pull out a roll of ten and place they on a footstool just above the plot plain , say , "take you pick , frankie boy . 
me loss will be you gain . 
" well , frankie lee , he sit right down and put he finger to he chin , but with the cold eye of judas on he he head begin to spin . 
" can you please not stare at me like this , " he say . 
"it 's just me foolish pride , but sometime a man must be alone and this be no place to hide . 
" well , judas , he just wink and say , "alright , i 'll leave you here , but you 'd well hurry up and choose which of this bill you want before they all disappear . 
" "i 'm go to start me pick right now . 
just tell me where you 'll be . 
" judas point down the road and say , "eternity . 
" "eternity ? 
" say frankie lee with a voice as cold as ice . 
" this 's right , " say judas , "eternity , though you may call it paradise . 
" "i do n't call it anything , " say frankie lee with a smile . 
"alright , " say judas priest , "i'll see you after a while . 
" well , frankie lee , he sit back down , feel low and mean when just then a pass stranger burst upon the scene , say , "are you frankie lee , the gambler , who father be decease ? 
well , if you be , there 's a fellow call you down the road and they say he name be priest . 
" "oh , yes , he be me friend , " say frankie lee in fright . 
"i do recall he very well . 
in fact he just leave me sight . 
" "yes , this 's the one , " say the stranger as quiet as a mouse . 
"well , me message be he 's down the road , strand in a house . 
" well , frankie lee , he panic , he drop everything and run until he come up to the spot where judas priest do stand . 
"what kind of house be this , " he say , "where i have come to roam ? 
" "it 's not a house , " say judas priest . 
"it 's not a house . 
it 's a home . 
" well , frankie lee , he tremble . 
he soon lose all control over everything which he have make while the mission-bells do toll . 
he just stand there stare at this big house as bright as any sun with four-and-twenty window and a woman 's face in every one . 
well , up the stair run frankie lee with a soulful , bound leap and , foam at the mouth , he begin to make he midnight creep. 
for sixteen night and day he rave , but on the seventeenth he burst into the arm of judas priest , which be where he die of thirst . 
no one try to say a thing when they carry he out in jest , except of course the little neighbor-boy who carry he to rest and he just walk along alone with he guilt so well-concealed and mutter underneath he breath , "nothing be reveal . 
" well , the moral of the story , the moral of this song be simply this one should never be where one do not belong . 
so , when you see you neighbor carry something , help he with he load and do n't go mistake paradise for this home across the road . 
#drifter 's escape "oh , help me in me weakness , " i hear the drifter say as they carry he from the courtroom and be take he away . 
"my trip have n't be a pleasant one and me time , it be n't long and i still do not know what it be this i 've do wrong . 
" well , the judge , he cast he robe aside . 
a tear come to he eye . 
"you 'd fail to understand , " he say . 
"why must you even try ? 
" outside the crowd be stir . 
you can hear it from the door . 
inside the judge be step down while the jury cry for more . 
"oh , stop this curse jury ! 
" cry the attendant and the nurse . 
" the trial be bad enough , but this be ten time worse . 
" just then a bolt of lightning strike the courthouse out of shape and , while everybody kneel to pray , the drifter do escape . 
#dear landlord dear landlord , please do n't put a price on me soul . 
me burden be heavy . 
me dream be beyond control . 
when this steamboat whistle blow , i 'm go to give you all i get to give and i do hope you receive it well , depend on the way you feel this you live . 
dear landlord , please heed this word this i speak . 
i know you 've suffer much , but in this you be not so unique . 
all of we at time , we may work too hard to have it too fast and too much and anyone can fill he life up with thing he can see but he just can touch . 
dear landlord , please do n't dismiss me case . 
i 'm not about to argue . 
i 'm not about to move to no other place . 
now , each of we have he own special gift and you know this be mean to be true and , if you do n't underestimate me , i wo n't underestimate you . 
#i be a lonesome hobo i be a lonesome hobo without family or friend . 
where another man 's life may begin , this 's exactly where me end . 
i have try me hand at bribery , blackmail , and deceit and i 've serve time for everything except beg on the street . 
well , once i be rather prosperous . 
there be nothing i do lack . 
i have fourteen-karat gold in me mouth and silk upon me back , but i do not trust me brother . 
i carry he to blame , which lead me to me fatal doom , to wander off in shame . 
kind lady and kind gentleman , soon i will be go , but let me just warn you all before i do pass on . 
stay free from petty jealousy . 
live by no man 's code . 
and hold you judgment for you lest you wind up on this road . 
#i pity the poor immigrant i pity the poor immigrant who wish he will 've stay home , who use all he power to do evil , but in the end be always leave so alone , this man who with he finger cheat and who lie with every breath , who passionately hate he life and likewise fear he death . 
i pity the poor immigrant who strength be spend in vain , who heaven be like ironside 's , who tear be like rain , who eat , but be not satisfy , who hear , but do not see , who fall in love with wealth it and turn he back on me . 
i pity the poor immigrant who trample through the mud , who fill he mouth with laugh and who build he town with blood , who vision in the final end must shatter like the glass . 
i pity the poor immigrant when he gladness come to pass . 
# the wicked messenger there be a wicked messenger . 
from eli he do come with a mind this multiply the small matter . 
when question who have send for he he answer with he thumb for he tongue , it can not speak but only flatter . 
he stay behind the assembly hall . 
it be there he make he be . 
oftentimes he can be see return until one day he just appear with a note in he hand , which read , " the sole of me foot , i swear they 're burn . 
" oh , the leave begin to fall and the sea begin to part and the people this confront he be many . 
and he be tell but this few word , which open up he heart . 
"if ye can bring good news , then do n't bring any . 
" #down along the cove down along the cove i spy me true love come me way . 
down along the cove i spy me true love come me way . 
i say , "lord , have mercy , mama , it sure be good to see you come today ! 
" down along the cove i spy me little bundle of joy . 
down along the cove i spy me little bundle of joy . 
he say , "lord , have mercy , honey , i 'm so glad you 're me boy ! 
" down along the cove we walk together hand in hand . 
down along the cove we walk together hand in hand . 
everybody watch we go by know we 're in love . 
yes , they understand . 
# i 'll be you baby tonight close you eye . 
close the door . 
you do n't have to worry anymore . 
i 'll be you baby tonight . 
shut the light . 
shut the shade . 
you do n't have to be afraid . 
i 'll be you baby tonight . 
well , this mockingbird 's go to sail away . 
we 're go to forget it . 
this big , fat moon be go to shine like a spoon , but we 're go to let it . 
you wo n't regret it . 
kick you shoe off . 
do not fear . 
bring this bottle over here . 
i 'll be you baby tonight . 
#i throw it all away i once hold he in me arm . 
he say he will always stay . 
but i be cruel . 
i treat he like a fool . 
i throw it all away . 
once i have mountain in the palm of me hand and river this run through every day . 
i must 've be mad . 
i never know what i have until i throw it all away . 
love be all there be . 
it make the world go around , love and only love . 
it ca n't be deny . 
no matter what you think about it , you just wo n't be able to do without it . 
take a tip from one who 's try . 
so , if you find someone who give you all of he love , take it to you heart . 
do n't let it stray for one thing for certain , you will surely be hurt if you throw it all away . 
#peggy day peggy day steal me poor heart away . 
by golly , what more can i say ? 
love to spend the night with peggy day . 
peggy night make me future look so bright . 
man , this girl be out of sight . 
love to spend the day with peggy night . 
well , you know , even before i learn he name , you know , i love he just the same . 
and i tell they all wherever i may go just so they 'll know this he 's me little lady and i love he so . 
peggy day steal me poor heart away , turn me sky to blue from gray . 
love to spend the night with peggy day . 
peggy day steal me poor heart away . 
by golly , what more can i say ? 
love to spend the night with peggy day . 
love to spend the night with peggy day . 
#lay lady lie lie , lady , lie , lie across me big brass be . 
lie , lady , lie , lie across me big brass be . 
whatever color you have in you mind , i 'll show they to you and you 'll see they shine . 
lie , lady , lie , lie across me big brass be . 
stay , lady , stay , stay with you man awhile . 
until the break of day let me see you make he smile . 
he clothe be dirty , but he , he hand be clean and you 're the well thing this he 's ever see . 
stay , lady , stay , stay with you man awhile . 
why wait any long for the world to begin ? 
you can have you cake and eat it too . 
why wait any long for the one you love when he 's stand in front of you ? 
lie , lady , lie , lie across me big brass be . 
stay , lady , stay , stay while the night be still ahead . 
i long to see you in the morning light . 
i long to reach for you in the night . 
stay , lady , stay , stay while the night be still ahead . 
#one more night one more night the star be in sight , but tonight i 'm as lonesome as can be . 
oh , the moon be shine bright , light everything in sight , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me . 
oh , it 's shameful and it 's sad . 
i lose the only pal i have . 
i just can not be what he want me to be . 
i will turn me head up high to this dark and roll sky for tonight no moonlight will shine on me . 
i be so mistake when i think this he 'd be true . 
i have no idea what a woman in love will do . 
one more night i will wait for the light while the wind blow high above the tree . 
oh , i miss me darling so . 
i do n't mean to see he go , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me . 
one more night the moon be shine bright and the wind blow high above the tree . 
oh , i miss this woman so . 
i do n't mean to see he go , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me . 
#tell me this it be n't true i have hear rumor all over town . 
they say this you 're plan to put me down . 
all i 'd like you to do be tell me this it be n't true . 
they say this you 've be see with some other man , this he 's tall , dark , and handsome and you 're hold he hand . 
darling , i 'm count on you . 
tell me this it be n't true . 
to know this some other man be hold you tight , it hurt me all over . 
it do n't seem right . 
all of this awful thing this i have hear , i do n't want to believe they . 
all i want be you word . 
so , darling , you well come through . 
tell me this it be n't true . 
all of this awful thing this i have hear , i do n't want to believe they . 
all i want be you word . 
so , darling , i 'm count on you . 
tell me this it be n't true . 
#country pie just like old saxophone joe when he 's get the hogshead up on he toe , oh me , oh me , love this country pie ! 
listen to the fiddler play when he 's play till the break of day . 
oh me , oh me , love this country pie ! 
raspberry , strawberry , lemon , and lime . 
what do i care ? 
blueberry , apple , cherry , pumpkin , and plum . 
call me for dinner . 
honey , i 'll be there . 
saddle me up me big , white goose . 
tie me on he and turn he loose . 
oh me , oh me , love this country pie ! 
i do n't need much . 
this be not no lie . 
be not run any race . 
give to me me country pie , i wo n't throw it up in anybody 's face . 
shake me up this old peach tree . 
little jack horner get nothing on me . 
oh me , oh me , love this country pie ! 
#tonight i 'll be stay here with you throw me ticket out the window . 
throw me suitcase out there , too . 
throw me trouble out the door . 
i do n't need they anymore because tonight i 'll be stay here with you . 
i should have leave this town this morning , but it be more than i can do . 
oh , you love come on so strong and i 've wait all day long for tonight when i 'll be stay here with you . 
be it really any wonder , the love this a stranger may receive ? 
you cast you spell and i wend under . 
i find it so difficult to leave . 
i can hear this whistle blow . 
i see this stationmaster , too . 
if there 's a poor boy on the street , then let he have me seat because tonight i 'll be stay here with you . 
throw me ticket out the window . 
throw me suitcase out there , too . 
throw me trouble out the door . 
i do n't need they anymore because tonight i 'll be stay here with you . 
#if not for you if not for you , babe , i can n't find the door , can n't even see the floor . 
i 'd be sad and blue if not for you . 
if not for you , babe , i 'd lie awake all night , wait for the morning light to shine in through . 
but it will not be new if not for you . 
if not for you , me sky will fall , rain will gather , too . 
without you love i 'd be nowhere at all . 
i 'd be lose if not for you and you know it 's true . 
if not for you , me sky will fall , rain will gather , too . 
without you love i 'd be nowhere at all . 
oh , what will i do if not for you ? 
if not for you winter will have no spring , i can n't hear the robin sing , i just will n't have a clue . 
anyway , it will n't ring true if not for you , if not for you , if not for you , if not for you , if not for you . 
#day of the locust oh , the bench be stain with tear and perspiration . 
the birdie be fly from tree to tree . 
there be little to say . 
there be no conversation as i step to the stage to pick up me degree and the locust sing off in the distance . 
yeah , the locust sing such a sweet melody . 
oh , the locust sing off in the distance . 
yeah , the locust sing and they be sing for me . 
i glance into the chamber where the judge be talk . 
darkness be everywhere . 
it smell like a tomb . 
i be ready to leave . 
i be already walk , but the next time i look there be light in the room and the locust sing . 
yeah , it give me a chill . 
oh , the locust sing such a sweet melody . 
oh , the locust sing this high , whine trill . 
yeah , the locust sing and they be sing for me . 
outside of the gate the truck be unload . 
the weather be hot , nearly ninety degree . 
the man stand next to me , he head be explode . 
well , i be pray the piece will n't fall on me ! 
yeah , and the locust sing off in the distance . 
yeah , the locust sing such a sweet melody . 
oh , the locust sing off in the distance . 
and the locust sing and they be sing for me . 
i put down me robe . 
i pick up me diploma , take a hold of me sweetheart and away we do drive straight for the hill , the black hill of dakota . 
sure be glad to get out of there alive ! 
and the locust sing . 
well , it give me a chill . 
yeah , the locust sing such a sweet melody . 
and the locust sing with this high , whine trill . 
yeah , the locust sing and they be sing for me , sing for me , well , sing for me . 
#time pass slowly time pass slowly up here in the mountain . 
we set beside bridge and walk beside fountain , catch the wild fish this float through the stream . 
time pass slowly when you 're lose in a dream . 
once i have a sweetheart . 
he be fine and good look . 
we sit in he kitchen while he mama be cook , stare out the window to the star high above . 
time pass slow when you 're search for love . 
aing . 
no reason to go in a wagon to town . 
aing . 
no reason to go to the fair . 
aing . 
no reason to go up . 
be not no reason to go down . 
aing . 
no reason to go anywhere . 
time pass slowly up here in the daylight , stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right . 
like the red rise of summer this bloom in the day time pass slowly and fade away . 
#went to see the gypsy i wend to see the gypsy stay in a big hotel . 
he smile when he see me come and he say , "well , well , well . 
" he room be dark and crowd . 
light be low and dim . 
"how be you ? 
" he say to me . 
i say it back to he . 
i wend down to the lobby to make a small call out . 
a pretty , dance girl be there and he begin to shout , "go on back to see the gypsy ! 
he can move you from the rear , drive you from you fear , bring you through the mirror . 
he do it in las vegas and he can do it here ! 
" outside the light be shine on the river of tear . 
i watch they from the distance with the music in me ear . 
i wend back to see the gypsy . 
it be nearly early dawn . 
the gypsy 's door be open wide , but the gypsy be go . 
and this pretty , dance girl , he can not be find , so i watch this sun come rise from the little minnesota town , from the little minnesota town . 
#winterlude winterlude , winterlude , oh , darling , winterlude by the road tonight . 
tonight there will be no quarrel . 
everything be go to be alright . 
oh , i see by the angel beside me this love have a reason to shine . 
you 're the one i adore , come over here and give me more . 
winterlude , this dude think you 're fine . 
winterlude , winterlude , me little apple , winterlude by the corn in the field . 
winterlude , let 's go down to the chapel . 
then come back and cook up a meal . 
well , come out when the skate rink glisten by the sun near the old crossroad sign . 
the snow be so cold , but we love can be bold . 
winterlude , this dude think you 're fine . 
winterlude , winterlude , me little daisy , winterlude by the telephone wire . 
winterlude , it 's make me lazy . 
come on , sit by the log in the fire . 
the moonlight reflect from the window , where the snowflake , they cover the sand . 
come out tonight . 
everything 'll be tight . 
winterlude , this dude think you 're grand . 
#if dog run free if dog run free , why not we across the swoop plain ? 
me ear hear a symphony of two mule , train , and rain . 
the well be always yet to come . 
this 's what they explain to me . 
just do you thing , you 'll be king if dog run free . 
if dog run free , why not me across the swamp of time ? 
me mind weave a symphony and tapestry of rhyme . 
oh , wind , which rush me tale to you , so it may flow and be , to each he own . 
it 's all unknown if dog run free . 
if dog run free , then what must be must be and this be all . 
true love can make a blade of grass stand up straight and tall . 
in harmony with the cosmic sea , true love need no company . 
it can cure the soul . 
it can make it whole if dog run free . 
#new morning ca n't you hear this rooster crow ? 
rabbit run down across the road , underneath the bridge where the water flow through . 
so happy just to see you smile underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you . 
ca n't you hear this motor turn ? 
automobile come into style , come down the road for a country mile or two . 
so happy just to see you smile underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you . 
the night pass away so quickly . 
it always do when you 're with me . 
ca n't you feel this sun shine ? 
groundhog run by the country stream . 
this must be the day this all of me dream come true . 
so happy just to be alive underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you . 
so happy just to be alive underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you . 
new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning . 
#sign on the window sign on a window say "lonely " . 
sign on a door say " no company allow " . 
sign on a street say "you do n't own me" . 
sign on a porch say " three 's a crowd " . 
sign on a porch say this " three 's a crowd " . 
he and he boyfriend wend to california . 
he and he boyfriend do change they tune . 
me well friend say , "now , do n't i warn you ? 
brighton girl be like the moon . 
brighton girl be like the moon . 
" look like nothing but rain . 
sure go to be wet tonight on main street . 
hope this it do n't sleet . 
build me a cabin in utah . 
marry me a wife . 
catch rainbow trout . 
have a bunch of kid who call me "pa" . 
this must be what it 's all about . 
this must be what it 's all about . 
#one more weekend slip and slide like a weasel on the run , i 'm look good to see you , yeah , and we can have some fun . 
one more weekend , one more weekend with you . 
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do . 
come on down to me ship , honey . 
ride on deck , we 'll fly it over the ocean just like you suspect . 
one more weekend , one more weekend with you . 
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do . 
we 'll fly the night away , hang out the whole next day . 
thing will be okay . 
you wait and see . 
we 'll go someplace unknown , leave all the child home . 
honey , why not go alone , just you and me ? 
come and go like a rabbit in the wood , i 'm happy just to see you , yeah , look so good . 
one more weekend , one more weekend with you . 
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do . 
yes , you will ! 
like a needle in a haystack , i 'm go to find you yet . 
you 're the sweet , go mama this this boy 's ever go to get . 
one more weekend , one more weekend with you . 
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do . 
# the man in me the man in me will do nearly any task and as for compensation there 's little he will ask . 
take a woman like you to get through to the man in me . 
storm cloud be rage all around me door . 
i think to me i may not take it anymore . 
take a woman like you kind to find the man in me . 
but , oh , what a wonderful feel just to know this you be near . 
it set me heart reel from me toe up to me ear . 
the man in me will hide sometime to keep from be see , but this 's just because he do n't want to turn into some machine . 
take a woman like you to get through to the man in me . 
#three angel three angel up above the street , each one play a horn , dress in green robe with wing this stick out . 
they 've be there since christmas morn . 
the wild cat from montana pass by in a flash , then a lady in a bright orange dress , one u-haul trailer , a truck with no wheel , the tenth avenue bus go west . 
the dog and pigeon fly up and they flutter around . 
a man with a badge skip by . 
three fella crawl on they way back to work . 
nobody stop to ask why . 
the bakery truck stop outside of this fence where the angel stand high on the pole . 
the driver peek out , try to find one face in this concrete world full of soul . 
the angel play on they horn all day . 
the whole earth in progression seem to pass by . 
but do anyone hear the music they play ? 
do anyone even try ? 
#father of night father of night , father of day , father who taketh the darkness away , father who teacheth the bird to fly , builder of rainbow up in the sky , father of loneliness and pain , father of love and father of rain . 
father of day , father of night , father of black , father of white , father who build the mountain so high , who shapeth the cloud up in the sky , father of time and father of dream , father who turneth the river and stream . 
father of grain , father of wheat , father of cold and father of heat , father of air and father of tree , who dwell in we heart and we memory , father of minute , father of day , father of who we more solemnly praise . 
#billy 1st there 's gun across the river aim at you , lawman on you trail , he 'd like to catch you , bounty hunter too , they 'd like to get you . 
billy , they do n't like you to be so free . 
camp out all night on the veranda , deal card till dawn in the hacienda , up to boot hill they 'd like to send you . 
billy , do n't you turn you back on me . 
play around with some sweet seorita , into he dark hall where he will lead you , to the shadow of the mesa he will greet you . 
billy , you 're so far away from home . 
#knocking on heaven 's door mama , take this badge off of me . 
i ca n't use it anymore . 
it 's get dark , too dark to see . 
i feel i 'm knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door . 
mama , put me gun in the grind . 
i ca n't shoot they anymore . 
this long , black cloud be come down . 
i feel i 'm knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door , knock knock knock on heaven 's door . 
#billy 4th there 's gun across the river about to pound you . 
there 's a lawman on you trail like to surround you . 
bounty hunter be dance all around you . 
billy , they do n't like you to be so free . 
camp out all night on the veranda , walk the street down by the hacienda , up to boot hill they 'd like to send you . 
billy , do n't you turn you back on me . 
there 's mirror inside the mind of crazy face , bullet-holes and rifle in they case . 
there 's always one more notch in four more ace , billy , and you 're play all alone . 
play around with some sweet seorita , into he dark chamber he will greet you , in the shadow of the mesa he will lead you , billy , and you 're go all alone . 
they say this pat garrett 's get you number , so sleep with one eye open when you wonder if every little sound just may be thunder , thunder from the barrel of he gun . 
there 's always another stranger sneak glance , some trigger-happy fool will to take chance , some old whore from san pedro 'll make advance , advance on you spirit and you soul . 
the businessman from taos want you to go down , so they 've hire mr . 
garrett . 
he 'll force you to slow down . 
billy , do n't it make you feel so low-down to be hunt by the man who be you friend ? 
so , hang on to you woman if you 've get one . 
remember in el paso once you shoot one ? 
i 'll be in santa fe about one . 
billy , you be run for so long . 
gypsy queen will play you grand finale way down in some tularosa alley , maybe in la rio pecas valley . 
billy , you 're so far away from home . 
billy , you 're so far away from home . 
billy , you 're so far away from home . 
#billy 7th spend the night with some sweet seorita , into he dark hall where he will lead you , in some lonesome shadow he may greet you . 
billy , you 're so doggone far away from home . 
they say this pat garrett 's get you number . 
sleep with one eye open when you slumber . 
every little sound just may be thunder , thunder from the barrel of he gun . 
maybe you will find you tomorrow drink in some bar to hide you sorrow , spend the time this you borrow , figure a way to get back home . 
#on a night like this on a night like this i 'm so glad you come around . 
hold on to me so tight and heat up some coffee ground . 
we get much to talk about and much to reminisce . 
it sure be right on a night like this . 
on a night like this i 'm so glad you 're here to stay . 
hold on to me , pretty miss , and say you 'll never go away to stray . 
run you finger down me spine and bring me a touch of bliss . 
it sure feel right on a night like this . 
on a night like this i ca n't get any sleep. the air be so cold outside and the snow 's so deep . 
build a fire , throw on log , and listen to it hiss . 
and let it burn , burn , burn , burn on a night like this . 
put you body next to me and keep me company . 
there be plenty of room for all , so please do n't elbow me . 
let the four wind blow around this old cabin door . 
if i 'm not too far off , i think we do this once before . 
there 's more frost on the window glass with each new , tender kiss , but it sure feel right on a night like this . 
#going , go , go i 've just reach a place where the willow do n't bend . 
there 's not much more to be say . 
it 's the top of the end . 
i 'm go . 
i 'm go . 
i 'm go . 
i 'm close the book on the page and the text and i do n't really care , ooh , what happen next . 
i 'm just go . 
i 'm go . 
i 'm go . 
i be hang on the thread . 
i be play it straight . 
now i 've just get to cut loose before it get late . 
so i 'm go . 
i 'm go . 
i 'm go . 
grandma say , "boy , go and follow you heart and you 'll be fine at the end of the line . 
all this 's gold do n't shine . 
do n't you and you one true love ever part . 
" i be walk the road . 
i 've be live on the edge . 
now i 've just get to go before i get to the ledge . 
so i 'm go . 
i 'm just go . 
i 'm go . 
#tough mama tough mama , meat shake on you bone . 
i 'm go to go down to the river and get some stone . 
sister 's on the highway with this steel-driving crow . 
papa 's in the big house . 
he work day be through , tough mama , can i blow a little smoke on you ? 
dark beauty , wo n't you move over and give me some room ? 
it 's me duty to bring you down to the field where the flower bloom . 
ash in the furnace . 
dust on the rise . 
you come through it all the way , fly through the sky , dark beauty , with this long night 's journey in you eye . 
sweet goddess , bear of a blind light and a change wind . 
now , do n't be modest . 
you know who you be and where you be . 
jack the cowboy wend up north . 
he 's bury in the past . 
lone wolf wend out drink . 
this be over pretty fast . 
sweet goddess , you perfect stranger 's come on in at last . 
silver angel , with the badge of the lonesome road write in you sleeve , i 'd be grateful if this golden ring you 'd receive . 
today on the countryside it be hot than a crotch . 
i stand alone upon the ridge and all i do be watch . 
sweet goddess , must be time to carve another notch . 
i 'm crestfallen , a world of illusion at me door . 
i be not haul any of me lamb to the marketplace anymore . 
prison wall be crumble down . 
there be no end in sight . 
i 've gain some recognition , but i lose me appetite . 
sweet beauty , meet me at the border late tonight . 
#hazel hazel , dirty-blonde hair , i will n't be ashamed to be see with you anywhere . 
you get something i want plenty of , ooh , a little touch of you love . 
hazel , stardust in you eye , you 're go somewhere and so be i . 
i 'd give you the sky high above , ooh , for the touch of you love . 
oh , no , i do n't need any reminder to know how much i really care . 
but it 's just make me blind and blind because i 'm up on a hill and still you 're not there . 
hazel , you call and i come . 
now , do n't make me play this wait game . 
you get something i want plenty of , ooh , a little touch of you love . 
#something there be about you something there be about you this strike a match in me . 
be it the way you body move or be it the way you hair blow free ? 
or be it because you remind me of something this use to be , something this 's cross over from another century ? 
think i 'd shake the wonder and the phantom of me youth , rainy day on the great lake , walk the hill of old duluth . 
there be me and danny lopez , cold eye , black night , and then there be ruth . 
something there be about you this bring back a long-forgotten truth . 
suddenly i find you and the spirit in me sing . 
do n't have to look no further . 
you 're the soul of many thing . 
i can say this i 'd be faithful . 
i can say it in one sweet , easy breath , but to you this will be cruelty and to me it surely will be death . 
something there be about you this move with style and grace . 
i be in a whirlwind . 
now i 'm in some well place . 
me hand 's on the saber and you 've pick up on the baton . 
something there be about you this i ca n't quite put me finger on . 
#forever young may god bless and keep you always . 
may you wish all come true . 
may you always do for others and let others do for you . 
may you build a ladder to the star and climb on every ring . 
may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young . 
may you stay forever young . 
may you grow up to be righteous . 
may you grow up to be true . 
may you always know the truth and see the light surround you . 
may you always be courageous , stand upright and be strong . 
and may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young . 
may you stay forever young . 
may you hand always be busy . 
may you foot always be swift . 
may you have a strong foundation when the wind of change shift . 
may you heart always be joyful . 
may you song always be sing . 
and may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young . 
may you stay forever young . 
#dirge i hate me for love you and the weakness this it show . 
you be just a paint face on a trip down suicide road . 
the stage be set . 
the light wend out all around the old hotel . 
i hate me for love you and i 'm glad the curtain fall . 
i hate this foolish game we play and the need this be express and the mercy this you show to me . 
who ever will have guess ? 
i wend out on low broadway and i feel this place within , this hollow place where martyr weep and angel play with sin . 
hear you song of freedom and man , forever strip , act out he folly while he back be be whip . 
like a slave in orbit , he 's beat till he 's tame . 
all for a moment 's glory and it 's a dirty , rotten shame . 
there be this who worship loneliness . 
i 'm not one of they . 
in this age of fiberglass i 'm search for a gem . 
the crystal ball upon the wall have n't show me nothing yet . 
i 've pay the price of solitude , but at less i 'm out of debt . 
i ca n't recall a useful thing you ever do for me , except pat me on the back one time when i be on me knee . 
we stare into each other 's eye till one of we will break . 
no use to apologize . 
what difference will it make ? 
so , sing you praise of progress and of the doom-machine . 
the naked truth be still taboo whenever it can be see . 
lady luck , who shine on me , will tell you where i 'm at . 
i hate me for love you , but i should get over this . 
#you angel you you angel , you , you get me under you wing . 
the way you walk and the way you talk i feel i can almost sing . 
you angel , you , you 're as fine as anything 's fine . 
i just walk and watch you talk with you memory on me mind . 
and , though i ca n't sleep at night for try , yes , i never do feel this way before , never do get up and walk the floor . 
if this be love , then give me more and more and more and more and more . 
you angel , you , you 're as fine as can be . 
the way you walk and the way you talk be the way it ought to be . 
and , though i ca n't sleep at night for try , never do feel this way before , never do get up and walk the floor . 
if this be love , then give me more and more and more and more . 
you angel , you , you get me under you wing . 
the way you walk and the way you talk , i swear , it will make me sing . 
#never say goodbye twilight on the freeze lake , a north wind about to break on footprint in the snow and silence down below . 
you 're beautiful beyond word . 
you 're beautiful to me . 
you can make me cry . 
never say goodbye because me dream be make of iron and steel with a big bouquet of the rose hang down from the heaven to the grind . 
the crash wave roll over me as i stand upon the sand and wait for you to come and grab hold of me hand . 
oh , baby , baby , baby blue , you 'll change you last name too . 
you 've turn you hair to brown . 
love to see it hang down . 
#wedding song i love you more than ever , more than time and more than love . 
i love you more than money and more than the star above . 
love you more than madness , more than dream upon the sea . 
i love you more than life it . 
you mean this much to me . 
ever since you walk right in , the circle 's be complete . 
i say goodbye to haunt room and face in the street , to the courtyard of the jester , which be hide from the sun . 
i love you more than ever and i have n't yet begin . 
you breathe on me and make me life a rich one to live . 
when i be deep in poverty , you teach me how to give , dry the tear up from me dream , and pull me from the hole . 
i love you more than ever and it burn me to the soul . 
you give me baby , one , two , three . 
what be more ? 
you save me life . 
eye for eye and tooth for tooth , you love cut like a knife . 
me thought of you do n't ever rest . 
they 'd kill me if i lie . 
but i 'd sacrifice the world for you to watch me sense die . 
the tune this be you and me to play upon this earth , we 'll play it out the well we know , whatever it be worth . 
what 's lose be lose . 
we ca n't regain what wend down in the flood , but happiness to me be you and i love you more than blood . 
it 's never be me duty to remake the world at large nor be it me intention to sound a battle charge because i love you more than all of this with a love this do n't bend and , if there be eternity , i 'll love you there again . 
oh , ca n't you see this you be bear to stand by me side and i be bear to be with you , you be bear to be me bride ? 
you 're the other half of what i be . 
you 're the miss piece and i love you more than ever with this love this do n't cease . 
you turn the tide on me each day and teach me eye to see . 
just be next to you be a natural thing for me and i can never let you go , no matter what go on because i love you more than ever now this the past be go . 
#blowing in the wind how many road must a man walk down before you call he a man ? 
how many sea must a white dive sail before he sleep in the sand ? 
yes , and how many time must the cannon ball fly before they 're forever ban ? 
the answer , me friend , be blow in the wind . 
the answer be blow in the wind . 
yes , and how many year can a mountain exist before it be wash to the sea ? 
yes , and how many year can some people exist before they 're allow to be free ? 
yes , and how many time can a man turn he head and pretend this he just do n't see ? 
the answer , me friend , be blow in the wind . 
the answer be blow in the wind . 
yes , and how many time must a man look up before he can see the sky ? 
yes , and how many ear must one man have before he can hear people cry ? 
yes , and how many death will it take till he know this too many people have die ? 
the answer , me friend , be blow in the wind . 
the answer be blow in the wind . 
#girl from the north country if you 're travel in the north country fair , where the wind hit heavy on the borderline , remember me to the one who live there for he once be a true love of me . 
if you go when the snowflake storm , when the river freeze and summer end , please see he have a coat so warm to keep he from the howl wind . 
please see if he hair hang long , if it roll and flow all down he breast . 
please see for me if he hair 's hang long for this 's the way i remember he well . 
i 'm wonder if he remember me at all . 
many time i 've often pray in the darkness of me night , in the brightness of me day . 
so , if you 're travel in the north country fair , where the wind hit heavy on the borderline , remember me to the one who live there for he once be a true love of me . 
#masters of war come , you master of war , you this build the big gun , you this build the death-planes , you this build all the bomb , you this hide behind wall , you this hide behind desk . 
i just want you to know i can see through you mask . 
you this never do nothing but build to destroy , you play with me world like it 's you little toy . 
you put a gun in me hand and you hide from me eye and you turn and run far when the fast bullet fly . 
like judas of old , you lie and deceive . 
a world war can be win you want me to believe . 
but i see through you eye and i see through you brain like i see through the water this run down me drain . 
you fasten all the trigger for the others to fire . 
then you set back and watch when the death-count get high and you hide in you mansion while the young people 's blood flow out of they body and be bury in the mud . 
you 've throw the worst fear this can ever be hurl , fear to bring child into the world . 
for threaten me baby , unborn and unnamed , you be not worth the blood this run in you vein . 
how much do i know to talk out of turn ? 
you may say this i 'm young . 
you may say i 'm unlearn . 
but there 's one thing i know though i 'm young than you . 
this even jesus will never forgive what you do . 
let me ask you one question . 
be you money this good ? 
will it buy you forgiveness 
? 
do you think this it can ? 
i think you will find , when you death take it toll , all the money you make will never buy back you soul . 
and i hope this you die . 
and you death will come soon . 
i 'll follow you casket on the pale afternoon and i 'll watch while you 're lower down to you deathbed and i 'll stand over you grave till i 'm sure this you 're dead . 
#down the highway well , i 'm walk down the highway with me suitcase in me hand . 
yes , i 'm walk down the highway with me suitcase in me hand . 
lord , i really miss me baby . 
he 's in some foreign land . 
well , you street be get empty . 
lord , you highway 's get fill . 
and you street be get empty . 
and you highway 's get fill . 
well , the way i love this woman , i swear it 's bind to get me kill . 
well , i be gamble so long . 
lord , i be not get much more to lose . 
yes , i be gamble so long . 
lord , i be not get much more to lose . 
right now i 'm have trouble . 
please do n't take away me highway shoe . 
well , i 'm bind to get lucky , baby , or i 'm bind to die try . 
yes , i 'm bind to get lucky , baby . 
lord , lord , i 'm bind to die try . 
well , meet me in the middle of the ocean and we 'll leave this old highway behind . 
well , the ocean take me baby . 
me baby steal me heart from me . 
yes , the ocean take me baby . 
me baby take me heart from me . 
he pack it all up in a suitcase . 
lord , he take it away to italy , italy . 
so , i 'm walk down you highway just as far as me poor eye can see . 
yes , i 'm walk down you highway just as far as me eye can see , from the golden gate bridge all the way to the statue of liberty . 
#bob dylan 's blue well , the lone ranger and tonto be ride down the line , fix everybody 's trouble , everybody 's except me . 
someone must 've tell they this i be do fine . 
oh , you five- and ten-cent woman with nothing in you head , i get a real gal i 'm love . 
lord , i 'll love he till i 'm dead . 
go away from me door and me window too right now . 
lord , i be not go down to no racetrack , see no sport car run . 
i do n't have no sport car and i do n't even care to have one . 
i can walk anytime around the block . 
well , the wind keep blow me up and down the street with me hat in me hand and me boot on me foot . 
watch out , so you do n't step on me . 
well , look it here , buddy . 
you want to be like me ? 
pull out you six-shooter and rob every bank you can see . 
tell the judge i say it be alright , yeah ! 
# a hard rain 's a-going to fall oh , where have you be , me blue-eyed son ? 
and where have you be , me darling young one ? 
i 've stumble on the side of twelve misty mountain . 
i 've walk and i 've crawl on six crook highway . 
i 've step in the middle of seven sad forest . 
i 've be out in front of a dozen dead ocean . 
i 've be ten thousand mile in the mouth of a graveyard . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
oh , what do you see , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what do you see , me darling young one ? 
i see a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it . 
i see a highway of diamond with nobody on it . 
i see a black branch with blood this keep drip . 
i see a room full of man with they hammer bleed . 
i see a white ladder all cover with water . 
i see ten thousand talker who tongue be all break . 
i see gun and sharp sword in the hand of young child . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
what do you hear , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what do you hear , me darling young one ? 
i hear the sound of a thunder this roar out a warn . 
i hear the roar of a wave this can drown the whole world . 
i hear one hundred drummer who hand be blaze . 
i hear ten thousand whisper and nobody listen . 
i hear one person starve . 
i hear many people laugh . 
i hear the song of a poet who die in the gutter . 
i hear the sound of a clown who cry in the alley . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
oh , what do you meet , me blue-eyed son ? 
and who do you meet , me darling young one ? 
i meet a young child beside a dead pony . 
i meet a white man who walk a black dog . 
i meet a young woman who body be burn . 
i meet a young girl . 
he give me a rainbow . 
i meet one man who be wound in love . 
i meet another man who be wound in hatred . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
and what 'll you do now , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what 'll you do now , me darling young one ? 
i 'm go back out before the rain start fall . 
i 'll walk to the depth of the deep , dark forest , where the people be many and they hand be all empty , where the pellet of poison be flood they water , where the home in the valley meet the damp , dirty prison and the executioner 's face be always well hide , where hunger be ugly , where the soul be forget , where black be the color , where none be the number . 
and i 'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain , so all soul can see it . 
and i 'll stand on the ocean until i start sink , but i 'll know me song well before i start sing . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
#do n't think twice , it 's alright well , it be not no use to sit and wonder why , babe , if you do n't know by now . 
and it be not no use to sit and wonder why , babe . 
it 'll never do , somehow . 
when you rooster crow at the break of dawn , look out you window and i 'll be go . 
you 're the reason i 'm travel on , but do n't think twice . 
it 's alright . 
and it be not no use in turn on you light , babe , the light i never knowed . 
and it be not no use in turn on you light , babe . 
i 'm on the dark side of the road . 
but i wish there be something you will do or say to try and make me change me mind and stay , but we never do too much talk anyway . 
but do n't think twice . 
it 's alright . 
so , it be not no use in call out me name , gal , like you never do before . 
and it be not no use in call out me name , gal . 
i ca n't hear you anymore . 
i 'm think and wonder , walk down the road . 
i once love a woman , a child , i be tell . 
i give he me heart , but he want me soul . 
but do n't think twice . 
it 's alright . 
so long , honey babe . 
where i 'm bind i ca n't tell . 
goodbye 's too good a word , babe , so i 'll just say , "fare you well . 
" i be not say you treat me unkind . 
you can 've do well , but i do n't mind . 
you just kind of waste me precious time , but do n't think twice . 
it 's alright . 
#bob dylan 's dream while ride on a train go west , i fall asleep for to take me rest . 
i dream a dream this make me sad , concern me and the first few friend i have . 
with half-damp eye i stare to the room , where me friend and i spend many an afternoon , where we together weather many a storm , laugh and sing till the early hour of the morn . 
by the old wooden stave where we hat be hang , we word be tell , we song be sing , where we long for nothing and be satisfy , joke and talk about the world outside . 
with hungry heart through the heat and cold , we never much think we can get very old . 
we think we can sit forever in fun . 
we chance really be a million to one . 
as easy it be to tell black from white , it be all this easy to tell wrong from right . 
and we choice , they be few , so the think never hit this the one road we travel will ever shatter or split . 
how many a year have pass and go , many a gamble have be lose and win , and many a road take by many a first friend and each one i 've never see again ? 
i wish , i wish , i wish in vain this we can sit simply in this room again . 
ten thousand dollar at the drop of a hat , i 'd give it all gladly if we life can be like this . 
#oxford town oxford town , oxford town , everybody 's get they head bow down . 
sun do n't shine above the grind . 
aing . 
go down to oxford town . 
he wend down to oxford town . 
gun and club follow he down all because he face be brown . 
well get away from oxford town . 
oxford town around the bend . 
come to the door , he can n't get in all because of the color of he skin . 
what do you think about this , me friend ? 
me and me gal , me gal 's son , we get meet with a tear-gas bomb . 
i do n't even know why we come . 
go back where we come from . 
oxford town in the afternoon , wverybody sing a sorrowful tune . 
two man die beneath the mississippi moon . 
somebody well investigate soon . 
#corrina , corrina corrina , corrina , gal , where you be so long ? 
corrina , corrina , gal , where you be so long ? 
i be worry about you , baby . 
baby , please come home . 
i get a bird this whistle . 
i get a bird this sing . 
i get a bird this whistle . 
i get a bird this sing . 
but i be not get corrina . 
life do n't mean a thing . 
corrina , corrina , gal , you 're on me mind . 
corrina , corrina , gal , you 're on me mind . 
i be sit down , think of you . 
i just ca n't keep from cry . 
#talking wwiii blue one time ago a crazy dream come to me . 
i dream i be walk in world war iii . 
wend to the doctor the very next day to see what kind of word he can say . 
say it be a bad dream . 
"i will n't worry about it none , though . 
they old dream be only in you head . 
" i say , "hold it , doc. 
a world war pass through me brain . 
" he say , "nurse , get you pad . 
the boy 's insane . 
" he grab me arm . 
i say "ouch ! 
" as i land on the psychiatric couch . 
he say , "tell me about it . 
" "well , the whole thing start at three o'clock fast . 
it be all over by a quarter past . 
i be down in the sewer with some little lover when i peek out from a manhole cover , wonder who turn the light on we . 
"well , i get up and i walk around , up and down the lonesome town . 
i stand wonder which way to go . 
i light a cigarette on a park meter and walk on down the road . 
it be a normal day . 
"well , i ring the fallout shelter bell and i lean me head and i give a yell . 
'give me a string bean . 
i 'm a hungry man ! 
' shotgun fire and away i run . 
i do n't blame he too much , though . 
he do n't know me . 
"down the corner by the hot-dog stand , i see a man . 
i say , 'howdy , friend . 
i guess it 's just we two . 
' he scream a bite and away he fly . 
think i be a communist . 
"well , i spy me a girl and , before he can leave , i say , 'let 's go and play adam and eve . 
' take he by the hand and me heart be thump . 
he say , 'hey , man , you crazy or something ? 
you see what happen last time they start . 
' "well , i see you cadillac window uptown . 
there be nobody around . 
i get into the driver 's seat and i drive down forty-second street in me cadillac. good car to drive after a war . 
"well , i remember see some ad , so i turn on me conelrad , but i do n't pay the con ed bill , so the radio do n't work so well . 
turn on me record player . 
it be rock-a-day johnny sing , 'tell you ma , tell you pa , we love be go to grow , ooh-wah , ooh-wah . 
' "i be feel kind of lonesome and blue . 
i need somebody to talk to . 
so i call up the operator of time just to hear a voice of some kind . 
'when you hear the beep , it will be three o'clock ' . 
he say this for over an hour and i hang up . 
" well , the doctor interrupt me just about then , say , "hey , i 've be have the same old dream , but me be a little different , you see . 
i dream the only person leave after the war be me . 
i do n't see you around . 
" well , now , time pass and now it seem everybody 's have they dream . 
everybody see hisself walk around with no one else . 
"half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time , but all the people ca n't be all right all of the time " . 
i think abraham lincoln say this . 
"i'll let you be in me dream if i can be in you " . 
i say this . 
#honey , just allow me one more chance honey , just allow me one more chance to get along with you . 
honey , just allow me one more chance . 
i 'll do anything for you . 
well , i 'm walk down the road with me head in me hand . 
i 'm look for a woman need a worry man . 
just a one kind favor i ask of you . 
allow me just one more chance . 
honey , just allow me one more chance to ride you aeroplane . 
honey , just allow me one more chance to ride you passenger train . 
well , i 've be look all over for a girl like you . 
i ca n't find nobody , so you 'll have to do . 
just a one kind favor i ask of you . 
allow me just one more chance . 
honey , just allow me one more chance to get along with you . 
honey , just allow me one more chance . 
i 'll do anything for you . 
well , look for a woman this be not get no man be just look for a needle this 's lose in the sand . 
just a one kind favor i ask of you . 
allow me just one more chance . 
#i shall be free well , i take me a woman late last night . 
i be three-fourths drink . 
he look alright till he start peel off he onion gook . 
he take off he wig , say , "how do i look ? 
" i 's high-flying , bare-naked , out the window ! 
well , sometime i may get drink , walk like a duck , and smell like a skunk . 
do n't hurt me none , it do n't hurt me pride because i get me little lady right by me side . 
he 's try to hide , pretend he do n't know me ! 
i 's out there paint on the old woodshed when a can of black paint do fall on me head . 
i wend down to scrub and rub , but i have to sit in back of the tub . 
cost a quarter , half price . 
well , me telephone ring . 
it will not stop . 
it 's president kennedy call me up . 
he say , "my friend , bob , what do we need to make the country grow ? 
" i say , "my friend , john , brigitte bardot , anita ekberg , sophia loren . 
country 'll grow . 
" well , i get a woman , five foot short . 
he yell and holler and scream and snort . 
he tickle me nose , pat me on the head , roll me over , and kick me out of be . 
he 's a man-eater , meat-grinder , bad loser . 
oh , there be not no use in me work all the time . 
i get a woman who work he blind . 
work up to he britches , up to he neck , write me letter , and send me check . 
he 's a humdinger , folksinger . 
late one day in the middle of the week , me eye be close . 
i be half asleep. 
i chase me a woman up the hill right in the middle of an air-raid drill . 
i jump a fallout shelter ! 
i jump a string bean ! 
i jump a tv dinner ! 
i jump a shotgun ! 
now , the man on the stand , he want me vote . 
he 's run for office on the ballot note . 
he 's out there preach in front of the steeple , tell me he love all kind of people . 
he 's eat bagel . 
he 's eat pizza . 
he 's eat chitlins . 
oh , set me down on a television floor , i 'll flip the channel to number four . 
out of the shower come a football man with a bottle of oil in he hand , greasy kid stuff . 
what i want to know , mr . 
football man , be what do you do about willy may , martin luther king , olatunji ? 
well , the funny woman i ever see be the great-granddaughter of mr . 
clean . 
he take about fifteen bath a day , want me to grow a must 'veche on me face . 
he 's insane ! 
well , ask me why i 'm drink all the time . 
level me head and ease me mind . 
i just walk along and stroll and sing . 
i see well day and i do well thing . 
i catch dinosaur ! 
make love to elizabeth taylor ! 
catch hell from richard burton ! 
# the time they be a-changin' come gather around , people , wherever you roam and admit this the water around you have grow and accept it , this soon you 'll be drench to the bone . 
if you time to you be worth save , then you well start swim or you 'll sink like a stone for the time , they be change . 
come , writer and critic , who prophesize with you pen , and keep you eye wide . 
the chance wo n't come again . 
and do n't speak too soon for the wheel 's still in spin and there 's no tell who this it 's name for the loser now will be late to win for the time , they be change . 
come , senator , congressman , please heed the call . 
do n't stand in the doorway , do n't block up the hall for he this get hurt will be he who have stall . 
the battle outside , rage , will soon shake you window and rattle you wall for the time , they be change . 
come , mother and father throughout the land , and do n't criticize what you ca n't understand . 
you son and you daughter be beyond you command . 
you old road be rapidly age . 
please get out of the new one if you ca n't lend you hand for the time , they be change . 
the line , it be draw . 
the curse , it be cast . 
the slow one now will late be fast as the present now will late be past . 
the order be rapidly fade and the first one now will late be last for the time , they be change . 
#ballad of hollis brown hollis brown , he live on the outside of town . 
hollis brown , he live on the outside of town with he wife and five child and he cabin break down . 
you look for work and money and you walk a rag mile . 
you look for work and money and you walk a rag mile . 
you child be so hungry this they do n't know how to smile . 
you baby 's eye look crazy . 
they 're tug at you sleeve . 
you baby 's eye look crazy . 
they 're tug at you sleeve . 
you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe . 
the rat have get you flour . 
bad blood , it get you mare . 
the rat have get you flour . 
bad blood , it get you mare . 
if there 's anyone this know , be there anyone this care ? 
you pray to the lord above , oh , please send you a friend . 
you pray to the lord above , oh , please send you a friend . 
you empty pocket tell you this you be not get no friend . 
you baby 're cry loud now . 
it 's pound on you brain . 
you baby 're cry loud now . 
it 's pound on you brain . 
you wife 's scream 're stab you like the dirty , drive rain . 
you grass be turn black . 
there 's no water in you well . 
you grass be turn black . 
there 's no water in you well . 
you spend you last , lone dollar on seven shotgun shell . 
way out in the wilderness a cold coyote call . 
way out in the wilderness a cold coyote call . 
you eye fix on the shotgun this 's hang on the wall . 
you brain be bleed and you leg ca n't seem to stand . 
you brain be bleed and you leg ca n't seem to stand . 
you eye fix on the shotgun this you 're hold in you hand . 
there 's seven breeze blow all around the cabin door . 
there 's seven breeze blow all around the cabin door . 
seven shot ring out like the ocean 's pound roar . 
there 's seven people dead on a south dakota farm . 
there 's seven people dead on a south dakota farm . 
somewhere in the distance there 's seven new people bear . 
# with god on we side oh , me name , it be not nothing . 
me age , it mean less . 
the country i come from be call the midwest . 
i 's teach and bring up there the law to abide and this the land this i live in have god on it side . 
oh , the history book tell it . 
they tell it so well . 
the cavalry charge . 
the indian fall . 
the cavalry charge . 
the indian die . 
oh , the country be young with god on it side . 
the spanish-american war have it day and the civil war , too , be soon lay away and the name of the hero i 's make to memorize with gun in they hand and god on they side . 
the first world war , boy , it come and it wend . 
the reason for fight i never do get , but i learn to accept it , accept it with pride for you do n't count the dead when god 's on you side . 
the second world war come to an end . 
we forgive the german and then we be friend . 
though they murder six million , in the oven they fry , the german now , too , have god on they side . 
i 've learn to hate the russian all through me whole life . 
if another war come it 's they we must fight , to hate they and fear they , to run and to hide , and accept it all bravely with god on me side . 
but now we get weapon of chemical dust . 
if fire they we 're force to , then fire they we must . 
one push of the button and a shoot the world wide and you never ask question when god 's on you side . 
through many a dark hour i 've be think about this , this jesus christ be betray by a kiss , but i ca n't think for you . 
you 'll have to decide whether judas iscariot have god on he side . 
so now , as i 'm leave , i 'm weary as hell . 
the confusion i 'm feel be not no tongue can tell . 
the word fill me head and fall to the floor , this , if god 's on we side , he 'll stop the next war . 
#one too many morning down the street the dog be bark and the day be get dark . 
as the night come in fall , the dog 'll lose they bark and the silent night will shatter from the sound inside me mind . 
yes , i 'm one too many morning and a thousand mile behind . 
from the crossroad of me doorstep me eye start to fade and i turn me head back to the room where me love and i have lay and i gaze back to the street , the sidewalk , and the sign and i 'm one too many morning and a thousand mile behind . 
it 's a restless , hungry feel this do n't mean no one no good when everything i 'm say you can say it just as good . 
you 're right from you side . 
i 'm right from me . 
we 're both just one too many morning and a thousand mile behind . 
#north country blue come gather around , friend , and i 'll tell you a tale of when the red iron ore pit run plenty . 
but the cardboard-filled window and old man on the bench tell you now this the whole town be empty . 
in the north end of town , me own children're grow , but i be raise on the other . 
in the wee hour of youth , me mother take sick and i be bring up by me brother . 
the iron ore pour as the year pass the door . 
the drag line and the shovel , they be hum till one day me brother fail to come home , the same as me father before he . 
well , the long winter 's wait from the window i watch . 
me friend , they can n't 've be kind . 
and me school be cut as i quit in the spring to marry john thomas , a miner . 
oh , the year pass again and the give be good with the lunch bucket fill every season . 
what with three baby bear , the work be cut down to a half a day 's shift with no reason . 
then the shaft be soon shut and more work be cut and the fire in the air , it feel freeze till a man come to speak and he say in one week this number eleven be close . 
they complain in the east they be pay too high . 
they say this you ore be not worth dig , this it 's much cheap down in the south american town , where the miner work almost for nothing . 
so , the mine gate lock and the red iron rot and the room smell heavy from drink when the sad , silent song make the hour twice as long as i wait for the sun to go sink . 
i live by the window as he talk to he . 
this silence of tongue , it be build till one morning 's wake the be , it be bare and i 's leave alone with three child . 
the summer be go . 
the grind 's turn cold . 
the store one by one , they 're fold . 
me child will go as soon as they grow . 
well , there be not nothing here now to hold they . 
#only a pawn in they game a bullet from the back of a bush take medgar evers 's blood . 
a finger fire the trigger to he name . 
a handle hide out in the dark . 
a hand set the spark . 
two eye take the aim behind a man 's brain , but he ca n't be blame . 
he 's only a pawn in they game . 
a south politician preach to the poor white man , "you get more than the black . 
do n't complain ! 
" you 're well than they . 
you be bear with white skin , they explain . 
and the negro 's name be use , it be plain , for the politician 's gain as he rise to fame and the poor white remain on the caboose of the train , but it be not he to blame . 
he 's only a pawn in they game . 
the deputy sheriff , the soldier , the governor get pay and the marshal and cop get the same , but the poor white man 's use in the hand of they all like a tool . 
he 's teach in he school from the start by the rule this the law be with he , to protect he white skin , to keep up he hate , so he never think straight about the shape this he 's in , but it be not he to blame . 
he 's only a pawn in they game . 
from the poverty shack he look from the crack to the track and the hoof-beats pound in he brain and he 's teach how to walk in a pack , shoot in the back with he fist in a clinch , to hang and to lynch , to hide beneath a hood , to kill with no pain like a dog on a chain . 
he be not get no name , but it be not he to blame . 
he 's only a pawn in they game . 
today medgar evers be bury from the bullet he catch . 
they lower he down as a king . 
but , when the shadowy sun set on the one this fire the gun , he 'll see by he grave on the stone this remain , carve next to he name he epitaph plain , "only a pawn in they game . 
" #boots of spanish leather "oh , i 'm sail away , me own true love . 
i 'm sail away in the morning . 
be there something i can send you from across the sea from the place this i 'll be land ? 
" "no , there 's nothing you can send me , me own true love . 
there 's nothing i 'm wish to be own . 
just carry you back to me unspoiled from across this lonesome ocean . 
" " ah , but i just think you may want something fine , make of silver or of golden , either from the mountain of madrid or from the coast of barcelona . 
" "well , if i have the star of the dark night and the diamond from the deep ocean , i 'd forsake they all for you sweet kiss for this 's all i 'm wish to be own . 
" " this i may be go a long , old time and it 's only this i 'm ask , be there something i can send you to remember me by to make you time more easy pass ? 
" "oh , how can , how can you ask me again ? 
it only bring me sorrow . 
the same thing i will want today i will want again tomorrow . 
" oh , i get a letter on a lonesome day . 
it be from he ship sail , say , "i do n't know when i 'll be come back again . 
it depend on how i 'm feel . 
" "if you , me love , must think this way , i 'm sure you mind be roam . 
i 'm sure you thought be not with me , but with the country to where you 're go . 
" so , take heed , take heed of the western wind . 
take heed of the stormy weather . 
and , yes , there 's something you can send back to me , spanish boot of spanish leather . 
" # when the ship come in oh , the time will come up when the wind will stop and the breeze will cease to be breathe , like the stillness in the wind before the hurricane begin , the hour this the ship come in . 
and the sea will split and the ship will hit and the sand on the shoreline will be shake . 
and the tide will sound and the wave will pound and the morning will be break . 
the fish will laugh as they swim out of the path and the seagull , they 'll be smile . 
and the rock on the sand will proudly stand , the hour this the ship come in . 
and the word this be use for to get the ship confuse will not be understand as they 're speak for the chain of the sea will have bust in the night and be bury on the bottom of the ocean . 
a song will lift as the mainsail shift and the boat drift onto the shoreline . 
and the sun will respect every face on the deck , the hour this the ship come in . 
and the sand will roll out a carpet of gold for you weary toe to be touch . 
and the ship 's wise man will remind you once again this the whole , wide world be watch . 
oh , the foe will rise with the sleep still in they eye and they 'll jerk from they bed and think they 're dream , but they 'll pinch they and squeal and they 'll know this it 's for real , the hour when the ship come in . 
and they 'll raise they hand , say , "we 'll meet all you demand . 
" but we 'll shout from the bow , "your day be number . 
" and like pharaoh 's tribe they 'll be drownded in the tide and like goliath they 'll be conquer . 
# the lonesome death of hattie carroll william zantzinger kill poor hattie carroll with a cane this he twirl around he diamond ring finger at a baltimore hotel society gather and the cop be call in and he weapon take from he as they ride he in custody down to the station and book william zantzinger for first-degree murder . 
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
william zantzinger , who at twenty-four year own a tobacco farm of six hundred acre , with rich , wealthy parent who provide and protect he and high-office relation in the politics of maryland , react to he deed with a shrug of he shoulder and swear-words and sneer and he tongue , it be snarl and in a matter of minute on bail be out walk . 
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
hattie carroll be a maid in the kitchen . 
he be fifty-one year old and give birth to ten child , who carry the dish and take out the garbage and never sit once at the head of the table and do n't even talk to the people at the table , who just clean up all the food from the table and empty the ashtray on a whole other level , get kill by a blow , lie slay by a cane this sail through the air and come down through the room , doom and determine to destroy all the gentle , and he never do nothing to william zantzinger . 
and , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , take the rag away from you face . 
now be not the time for you tear . 
in the courtroom of honor the judge pound he gavel to show this all 's equal and this the court be on the level and this the string in the book be not pull and persuade and this even the noble get properly handle once this the cop have chase after and catch they and this the ladder of law have no top and no bottom , stare at the person who kill for no reason , who just happen to be feel this way without warn , and he speak through he cloak , more deep and distinguish , and hand out strongly for penalty and repentance william zantzinger with a six-month sentence . 
ah , but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fear , bury the rag deep in you face for now 's the time for you tear . 
#restless farewell oh , all the money this in me whole life i do spend , be it me right or wrongfully , i let it slip gladly to me friend to tie up the time more forcefully . 
but the bottle be do , we 've kill each one , and the table 's full and overflow , and the corner sign say it 's close time , so i 'll bid farewell and be down the road . 
oh , every girl this ever i 've touch , i do not do it harmfully and every girl this ever i 've hurt , i do not do it knowingly . 
but to remain as friend you need the time to make amend and stay behind and , since me foot be now fast and point away from the past , i 'll bid farewell and be down the line . 
oh , every foe this ever i face , the cause be there before we come and every cause this ever i fight , i fight it full without regret or shame . 
but the dark do die as the curtain be draw and somebody 's eye must meet the dawn and , if i see the day , i 'd only have to stay , so i 'll bid farewell in the night and be go . 
oh , every think this 's string a knot in me mind , i may go insane if it can n't be spring , but it 's not to stand naked under unknowing eye , it 's for me and me friend me story be sing . 
but the time be not tall , yet on time you depend , and no word be possess by no special friend and , though the line be cut , it be not quite the end . 
i 'll just bid farewell till we meet again . 
oh , a false clock try to tick out me time , to disgrace , distract , and bother me and the dirt of gossip blow into me face and the dust of rumor cover me . 
but , if the arrow be straight and the point be slick , it can pierce through dust no matter how thick , so i 'll make me stand and remain as i be and bid farewell and not give a damn . 
