all i really want to do

i be not looking to compete with you , beat or cheat or mistreat you , simplify you , classify you , deny , defy , or crucify you .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .
no , and i be not looking to fight with you , frighten you or up-tighten you , drag you down or drain you down , chain you down or bring you down .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .
i be not looking to block you up , shock or knock or lock you up , analyze you , categorize you , finalize you or advertise you .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .
i do n't want to straight-face you , race or chase you , track or trace you , or disgrace you or displace you , or define you or confine you .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .
i do n't want to meet your kin , make you spin or do you in , or select you or dissect you , or inspect you or reject you .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .
i do n't want to fake you out , take or shake or forsake you out .
i be not looking for you to feel like me , see like me or be like me .
all i really want to do is , baby , be friends with you .

#black crow blues

i woke in the morning wandering , weary and worn out .
i woke in the morning wandering , weary and worn out , wishing my long-lost lover would walk to me , talk to me , tell me what it 's all about .
i was standing at the side road , listening to the billboard knock , standing at the side road , listening to the billboard knock .
well , my wrist was empty , but my nerves were kicking , ticking like a clock .
if i got anything you need , babe , let me tell you in front .
if i got anything you need , babe , let me tell you in front .
you can come to me sometime , night-time , day-time , any time you want .
sometimes i 'm thinking i 'm too high to fall .
sometimes i 'm thinking i 'm much too high to fall .
other times i 'm thinking i 'm so low i do n't know if i can come up at all .
black crows in the meadow , sleeping across a broad highway .
black crows in the meadow , across a broad highway .
though it 's funny , honey , i 'm out of touch , do n't feel much like a scarecrow today .

#spanish harlem incident

gypsy gal , the hands of harlem cannot hold you to its heat .
your temperature is too hot for taming .
your flaming feet are burning up the street .
i am homeless , come and take me to the reach of your rattling drums .
let me know , babe , all about my fortune down along my restless palms .
gypsy gal , you got me swallowed .
i have fallen far beneath your pearly eyes , so fast and slashing , and your flashing diamond teeth .
the night is pitch black , come and make my pale face fit into place , oh , please .
let me know , babe - i 'm nearly drowning - if it 's you my lifelines trace .
i been wondering all about me ever since i seen you there .
on the cliffs of your wildcat charms i 'm riding .
i know i 'm around you , but i do n't know where .
you have slayed me .
you have made me .
i got to laugh halfways off my heels .
i got to know , babe , will you surround me , so i can know if i 'm really real ?

#chimes of freedom

far between sundown 's finish and midnight 's broken toll , we ducked inside the doorway as thunder went crashing , as majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds , seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing , flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight , flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight and for each and every underdog soldier in the night and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .
through the city 's melted furnace , unexpectedly we watched with faces hidden as the walls were tightening , as the echo of the wedding bells , before the blowing rain , dissolved into the bells of the lightning , tolling for the rebel , tolling for the rake , tolling for the luckless , the abandoned , and forsaked , tolling for the outcast burning constantly at stake and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .
through the mad , mystic hammering of the wild , ripping hail , the sky cracked its poems in naked wonder that the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze , leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder , striking for the gentle , striking for the kind , striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind and the poet and the painter far behind his rightful time and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .
in the wild , cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales for the disrobed , faceless forms of no position , tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts all down in taken-for-granted situations , tolling for the deaf and blind , tolling for the mute , for the mistreated , mateless mother , the mistitled prostitute , for the misdemeanor outlaw , chained and cheated by pursuit and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .
even though a cloud 's white curtain in a far-off corner flared and the hypnotic , splattered mist was slowly lifting , electric light still struck like arrows , fired but for the ones condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting , tolling for the searching ones on their speechless , seeking trail , for the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale and for each unharmful , gentle soul misplaced inside a jail and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .
starry-eyed and laughing , as i recall when we were caught , trapped by no track of hours for they hang suspended as we listened one last time and we watched with one last look , spellbound and swallowed till the tolling ended , tolling for the aching , whose wounds cannot be nursed , for the countless , confused , accused , misused , strung-out ones and worse and for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe and we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing .

#i shall be free no.10

i 'm just average , common too .
i 'm just like him , the same as you .
i 'm everybody 's brother and son .
i be not different than anyone !
aing . no use to talk to me .
it 's just the same as talking to you .
i was shadow-boxing early in the day .
i figured i was ready for cassius clay .
i said , "fee , fie , fo , fum .
cassius clay , here i come .
26 , 27 , 28 , 29 .
i 'm going to make your face look just like mine .
5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .
cassius clay , you 'd better run .
99 , 100 , 101 , 102 .
your ma wo n't even recognize you .
14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 .
going to knock him clean right out of his spleen ! "
well , i do n't know , but i 've been told the streets of heaven are lined with gold .
i ask you how things could get much worse if the russians happen to get up there first .
wowee !
pretty scary !
now , i 'm liberal , but to a degree .
i want everybody to be free , but , if you think i 'll let barry goldwater move in next door , marry my daughter , you must think i 'm crazy !
i would n't let him do it for all the farms in cuba .
well , i set my monkey on the log and ordered him to do the dog .
he wagged his tail and shook his head and he went and did the cat instead .
he 's a weird monkey , very funky .
i sat with my high-heeled sneakers on , waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun .
i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist and my wig-hat was falling in my face .
but they would n't let me on the tennis court .
i got a woman .
she 's so mean .
she sticks my boots in the washing machine , sticks me with buckshot when i 'm nude , puts bubblegum in my food .
she 's funny , wants my money , calls me "honey " .
now , i got a friend who spends his life stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife , dreams of strangling me with a scarf , when my name comes up , he pretends to barf .
i 've got a million friends !
now , they asked me to read a poem at the sorority sister 's home .
i got knocked down and my head was swimming .
i wound up with the dean of women !
yippee !
i 'm a poet .
i know it .
hope i do n't blow it .
i 'm going to grow my hair down to my feet so strange , so i look like a walking mountain range and i 'm going to ride into omaha on a horse , out to the country club and the golf course .
carry the new york times , shoot a few holes , blow their minds .
now , you 're probably wondering by now just what this song is all about .
what 's probably got you baffled more is what this thing here is for .
it 's nothing .
it 's something i learned over in england .

# to ramona

ramona , come closer , shut softly your watery eyes .
the pangs of your sadness will pass as your senses will rise .
for the flowers of the city , though breath-like , get death-like sometimes and there 's no use in trying to deal with the dying , though i cannot explain that in lines .
your cracked country lips i still wish to kiss as to be by the strength of your skin .
your magnetic movement still captures the minutes i 'm in .
but it grieves my heart , love , to see you trying to be a part of a world that just do n't exist .
it 's all just a dream , babe , a vacuum , a scheme , babe , that sucks you into feeling like this .
i can see that your head has been twisted and fed with worthless foam from the mouth .
i can tell you are torn between staying and returning back to the south .
you 've been fooled into thinking that the finishing end is at hand .
yet there 's no one to beat you , no one to defeat you except the thoughts of yourself feeling bad .
i 've heard you say many times that you 're better than no one and no one is better than you .
if you really believe that , you know you have nothing to win and nothing to lose .
from fixtures and forces and friends your sorrow does stem that hype you and type you and making you feel that you got to be just like them .
i 'd forever talk to you , but soon my words , they would turn into a meaningless ring for deep in my heart i know there 's no help i can bring .
everything passes , everything changes .
just do what you think you should do and someday maybe , who knows , baby , i 'll come and be crying to you .

#motorpsycho nightmare

i pounded on a farmhouse looking for a place to stay .
i was mighty , mighty tired .
i had come a long , long way .
i said , "hey , hey , in there , is there anybody home ? "
i was standing on the steps feeling most alone when out comes a farmer .
he must 've thought that i was nuts .
he immediately looked at me and stuck a gun into my guts .
i fell down to my bended knees , saying , "i dig farmers , do n't shoot me , please ! "
he cocked his rifle and began to shout , "are you that traveling salesman that i have heard about ? "
i said , "no , no , no!
i 'm a doctor and it 's true .
i 'm a clean-cut kid and i been to college , too . "
then in comes his daughter , whose name was rita .
she looked like she stepped out of the dolce vita .
i immediately tried to cool it with her dad and told him what a nice , pretty farm he had .
he said , "what do doctors know about farms , pray tell ? "
i said , "i was born at the bottom of a wishing well . "
well , by the dirt beneath my nails , i guess , he knew i would n't lie .
he said , "i guess you 're tired . "
he said it kind of sly .
i said , "yes , ten thousand miles today i drove . "
he said , "i got a bed for you underneath the stove .
just one condition , you can go to sleep right now : that you do n't touch my daughter and in the morning milk the cows . "
i was sleeping like a rat when i heard something jerking .
there stood rita , looking just like tony perkins .
she said , "would you like to take a shower ?
i 'll show you up to the door . "
i said , "oh , no , no!
i 've been through this movie before ! "
i knew i had to split , but i did not know how when she said , "would you like to take that shower now ? "
well , i could n't leave unless the old man chased me out because i 'd already promised that i 'd milk his cows .
i had to say something to strike him very weird , so i yelled , "i like fidel castro and his beard ! "
rita looked offended , but she got out of the way as he came charging down the stairs , saying , "what 's that i heard you say ? "
i said , "i like fidel castro .
i think you heard me right . "
and i ducked as he swung at me with all his might .
rita mumbled something about her mother on the hill as his fist , it hit the icebox .
he said he 's going to kill me if i do n't get out the door in two seconds flat , "you unpatriotic , rotten doctor , commie rat ! "
well , he threw a reader 's digest at my head and i did run .
i did a somersault as i seen him get his gun and crashed through the window at a hundred miles an hour and landed fully blast in his garden flowers .
rita said , " come back ! " and he started to load .
the sun was coming up and i was running down the road .
well , i do n't figure i 'll be back there for a spell even though rita moved away and got a job at a motel .
he still waits for me , constant on the sly .
he wants to turn me in to the f.b.i .
me , i romp and stomp , thankful as i romp .
without freedom of speech i might be in the swamp .

#my back pages

crimson flames tied through my ears .
rolling , high-and-mighty traps pounced with fire on flaming roads , using ideas as my maps .
"we 'll meet on edges soon , " said i , proud beneath heated brow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .
half-wracked prejudice leaped forth .
"rip down all hate ! " i screamed .
lies that life is black-and-white spoke from my skull .
i dreamed romantic facts of musketeers , foundationed deep somehow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .
girls ' faces formed the forward path from phony jealousy to memorizing politics of ancient history , flung down by corpse evangelists , unthought of though , somehow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .
a self-ordained professor 's tongue , too serious to fool , spouted out that liberty is just equality in school .
"equality , " i spoke the word as if a wedding vow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .
in a soldier 's stance , i aimed my hand at the mongrel dogs who teach , fearing not i 'd become my enemy in the instant that i preach , my existence led by confusion boats , mutiny from stern to bow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .
yes , my guard stood hard when abstract threats , too noble to neglect , deceived me into thinking i had something to protect .
good and bad , i define these terms quite clear no doubt , somehow .
ah , but i was so much older then .
i 'm younger than that now .

#i do n't believe you

i ca n't understand .
she let go of my hand and left me here facing the wall .
i 'd sure like to know why she did go , but i ca n't get close to her at all .
though we kissed through the wild , blazing night-time , she said she would never forget .
but now morning is clear .
it 's like i be not here .
she acts like we never met .
it 's all new to me , like some mystery .
it could even be like a myth .
but it 's hard to think on that she 's the same one that last night i was with .
from darkness , dreams are deserted .
am i still dreaming yet ?
i wish she 'd unlock her voice once and talk instead of acting like we never met .
if she be not feeling well , then why do n't she tell instead of turning her back to my face ?
without any doubt she seems too far out for me to return to or chase .
and her skirt , it swayed as the guitar played .
her mouth was watery and wet .
but now something has changed for she be not the same .
she just acts like we never have met .
if i did n't have to guess , i 'd gladly confess to anything i might 've tried .
if i was with her too long or have done something wrong , i 'd wish she 'd tell me what it is .
i 'll run and hide .
though the night ran swirling and whirling , i remember her whispering yet .
but evidently she do n't .
evidently she wo n't .
she just acts like we never have met .
i 'm leaving today .
i 'll be on my way .
of this i ca n't say very much .
but if you want me to , i can be just like you and pretend that we never have touched .
and , if anybody asks me , "is it easy to forget ? "
i 'll say , "it 's easily done .
you just pick anyone and pretend that you never have met . "

#ballad in plain d

i once loved a girl .
her skin , it was bronze .
with the innocence of a lamb , she was gentle like a fawn .
i courted her proudly , but now she is gone , gone as the season she 's taken .
in a young summer 's youth , i stole her away from her mother and sister , though close did they stay .
each one of them suffering from the failures of their day , with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us .
of the two sisters , i loved the young .
with sensitive instincts , she was the creative one .
the constant scapegoat , she was easily undone by the jealousy of others around her .
for her parasite sister i had no respect .
bound by her boredom , her pride to protect , countless visions of the other she 'd reflect as a crutch for her scenes and her society .
myself , for what i did i cannot be excused .
the changes i was going through ca n't even be used for the lies that i told her in hope not to lose the could-be dream-lover of my lifetime .
with unseen consciousness i possessed in my grip a magnificent mantelpiece , though its heart being chipped , noticing not that i 'd already slipped to the sin of love 's false security .
from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace , answers of emptiness , voice vacancies , till the tombstones of damage read no questions but , "please , what 's wrong ?
what 's exactly the matter ? "
and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen , the timeless explosion of fantasy 's dream .
at the peak of the night the king and the queen tumbled all down into pieces .
" the tragic figure ! " her sister did shout .
"leave her alone .
goddamn you .
get out ! "
and i , in my armor , turning about and nailing her in the ruins of her pettiness .
beneath a bare light-bulb the plaster did pound , her sister and i in a screaming battleground and she in between , the victim of sound , soon shattered as a child to the shadows .
" all is gone .
all is gone .
admit it .
take flight ! "
i gagged in contradiction , tears blinding my sight .
my mind , it was mangled .
i ran into the night , leaving all of love 's ashes behind me .
the wind knocks my window .
the room , it is wet .
the words to say "i 'm sorry " i have n't found yet .
i think of her often and hope whoever she 's met will be fully aware of how precious she is .
ah , my friends from the prison , they ask unto me , "how good , how good does it feel to be free ? "
and i answer them most mysteriously , "are birds free from the chains of the skyway ? "

#it be not me , babe

go away from my window .
leave at your own chosen speed .
i 'm not the one you want , babe .
i 'm not the one you need .
you say you 're looking for someone who 's never weak , but always strong to protect you and defend you whether you are right or wrong , someone to open each and every door , but it be not me , babe .
no , no , no , it be not me , babe .
it be not me you 're looking for , babe .
go lightly from the ledge , babe .
go lightly on the ground .
i 'm not the one you want , babe .
i will only let you down .
you say you 're looking for someone who will promise never to part , someone to close his eyes for you , someone to close his heart , someone who will die for you and more , but it be not me , babe .
no , no , no , it be not me , babe .
it be not me you 're looking for , babe .
go melt back in the night .
everything inside is made of stone .
there 's nothing in here moving and , anyway , i 'm not alone .
you say you 're looking for someone who 'll pick you up each time you fall , to gather flowers constantly , and to come each time you call , a lover for your life and nothing more , but it be not me , babe .
no , no , no , it be not me , babe .
it be not me you 're looking for , babe .

#rainy day women 12 & 35

well , they 'll stone you when you 're trying to be so good .
they 'll stone you just like they said they would .
they 'll stone you when you 're trying to go home .
then they 'll stone you when you 're there all alone .
but i would not feel so all alone .
everybody must get stoned .
well , they 'll stone you when you 're walking on the street .
they 'll stone you when you 're trying to keep your seat .
they 'll stone you when you 're walking on the floor .
they 'll stone you when you 're walking to the door .
but i would not feel so all alone .
everybody must get stoned .
they 'll stone you when you 're at the breakfast table .
they 'll stone you when you are young and able .
they 'll stone you when you 're trying to make a buck .
they 'll stone you and then they 'll say " good luck" .
yeah , but i would not feel so all alone .
everybody must get stoned .
well , they 'll stone you and say that it 's the end .
then they 'll stone you and then they 'll come back again .
they 'll stone you when you 're riding in your car .
they 'll stone you when you 're playing your guitar .
yes , but i would not feel so all alone .
everybody must get stoned .
alright !
well , they 'll stone you when you are all alone .
they 'll stone you when you are walking home .
they 'll stone you and then say , "you are brave . "
they 'll stone you when you 're set down in your grave .
but i would not feel so all alone .
everybody must get stoned .

#pledging my time

well , early in the morning till late at night i got a poison headache , but i feel alright .
i 'm pledging my time to you , hoping you 'll come through , too .
well , the hobo got to hide , but he came to me naturally .
he stole my baby and he wanted to steal me , but i 'm pledging my time to you , hoping you 'll come through , too .
wo n't you come with me , baby ?
i 'll take you where you want to go and , if it do n't work out , you 'll be the first to know .
i 'm pledging my time to you , hoping you 'll come through , too .
well , the room is so stuffy .
i can hardly breathe .
everybody 's gone but me and you and i ca n't be the last to leave .
i 'm pledging my time to you , hoping you 'll come through , too .
well , they sent for the ambulance and one was sent .
somebody got lucky , but it was an accident .
i 'm pledging my time to you , hoping you 'll come through , too .

#visions of johanna

aing . it just like the night to play tricks when you 're trying to be so quiet ?
we all sit here stranded , though we 're all doing our best to deny it .
and louise holds a handful of rain , tempting you to defy it .
lights flicker from the opposite loft .
in this room the heat-pipes just cough .
the country music station plays soft , but there 's nothing , really nothing to turn off .
just louise and her lover so entwined and these visions of johanna that conquer my mind .
in the empty lot where the ladies play blindman 's bluff with the keychain and the all-night girls , they whisper of escapades out on the d-train , we can hear the night-watchman click his flashlight , ask himself if it 's him or them that 's insane .
louise , she 's alright .
she 's just near .
she 's delicate and seems like the mirror , but she just makes it all too concise and too clear that johanna 's not here .
the ghost of electricity howls in the bones of her face , where these visions of johanna have now taken my place .
now , little boy lost , he takes himself so seriously .
he brags of his misery .
he likes to live dangerously and , when bringing her name up , he speaks of a farewell-kiss to me .
he 's sure got a lot of gall to be so useless and all , muttering small talk at the wall while i 'm in the hall .
oh , how can i explain ?
it 's so hard to get on and these visions of johanna , they kept me up past the dawn .
inside the museums infinity goes up on trial .
voices echo , " this is what salvation must be like after a while . "
but mona lisa must 've had the highway blues .
you can tell by the way she smiles .
see the primitive wallflower freeze when the jelly-faced women all sneeze .
hear the one with the must 'veche say , "jeez , i ca n't find my knees . "
oh , jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule , but these visions of johanna , they make it all seem so cruel .
the peddler now speaks to the countess who 's pretending to care for him , saying , "name me someone that 's not a parasite and i 'll go out and say a prayer for him . "
but , like louise always says , "you ca n't look at much , can you , man ? " as she herself prepares for him ,
and madonna , she still has not showed .
we see this empty cage now corrode , where her cape of the stage once had flowed .
the fiddler , he now steps to the road .
he writes "everything 's been returned which was owed " on the back of the fish truck that loads while my conscience explodes .
the harmonicas play the skeleton keys in the rain and these visions of johanna are now all that remain .

#one of us must know ( sooner or later )

i did n't mean to treat you so bad .
you should n't take it so personal .
i did n't mean to make you so sad .
you just happened to be there .
that 's all .
when i saw you say goodbye to your friend and smile , i thought that it was well understood that you 'd be coming back in a little while .
i did n't know that you were saying goodbye for good .
but sooner or later one of us must know that you just did what you 're supposed to do .
sooner or later one of us must know that i really did try to get close to you .
i could n't see what you could show me .
your scarf , it kept your mouth well hid .
i could n't see how you could know me , but you said you knew me and i believed you did .
when you whispered in my ear and asked me if i was leaving with you or her , i did n't realize just what i did hear , i did n't realize how young you were .
but sooner or later one of us must know that you 're just doing what you 're supposed to do .
sooner or later one of us must know that i really did try to get close to you .
i could n't see when it started snowing .
your voice was all that i heard .
i could n't see where we were going , but you said you knew and i took your word .
and then you told me later as i apologized that you were just kidding me , you were n't really from the farm .
and i told you as you clawed out my eyes that i never really meant to do you any harm .
but sooner or later one of us must know that you just did what you 're supposed to do .
sooner or later one of us must know that i really did try to get close to you .

#i want you

the guilty undertaker sighs .
the lonesome organ-grinder cries .
the silver saxophones say i should refuse you .
the cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn , but it 's not that way , i was n't born to lose you .
i want you .
i want you .
i want you so bad .
honey , i want you .
the drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep and the saviors , who are fast asleep , they wait for you and i wait for them to interrupt me drinking from my broken cup and ask me to open up the gate for you .
i want you .
i want you .
yes , i want you so bad .
honey , i want you .
now , all my fathers , they 've gone down .
true love , they 've been without it .
but all their daughters put me down because i do n't think about it .
well , i return to the queen of spades and talk with my chambermaid .
she knows that she 's not afraid to look at her .
she is good to me and there 's nothing she does n't see .
she knows where i 'd like to be , but it does n't matter .
i want you .
i want you .
yes , i want you so bad .
honey , i want you .
now , your dancing child with his chinese suit , he spoke to me .
i took his flute .
no , i was n't very cute to him , was i ?
but i did it because he lied , because he took you for a ride , and because time was on his side and because i want you .
i want you .
yes , i want you so bad .
honey , i want you .

#stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again

oh , the ragman draws circles up and down the block .
i 'd ask him what the matter was , but i know that he do n't talk .
and the ladies treat me kindly and they furnish me with tape , but deep inside my heart i know i ca n't escape .
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
well , shakespeare , he 's in the alley with his pointed shoes and his bells , speaking to some french girl , who says she knows me well .
and i would send a message to find out if she 's talked , but the post office 's been stolen and the mailbox is locked .
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
mona tried to tell me to stay away from the train line .
she said that all the railroad men just drink up your blood like wine .
and i said , "oh , i did n't know that , but then again there 's only one i 've met and he just smoked my eyelids and punched my cigarette . "
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
grandpa died last week and now he 's buried in the rocks , but everybody still talks about how badly they were shocked , but me , i expected it to happen .
i knew he 'd lost control when he built a fire on main street and shot it full of holes .
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
now , the senator came down here , showing everyone his gun , handing out free tickets to the wedding of his son .
and me , i nearly got busted .
and would n't it be my luck to get caught without a ticket and be discovered beneath a truck ?
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
now , the teen-preacher looked so baffled when i asked him why he dressed with twenty pounds of headlines stapled to his chest .
but he cursed me when i proved to him .
then i whispered and said , " not even you can hide .
you see , you 're just like me .
i hope you 're satisfied . "
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
now , the rainman gave me two cures .
then he said , " jump right in . "
the one was texas medicine .
the other was just railroad gin .
and like a fool i mixed them and it strangled up my mind and now people just get uglier and i have no sense of time .
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
when ruthie says come see her in her honky-tonk lagoon , where i can watch her waltz for free beneath her panamanian moon , and i say , "aw , come on , now , you know you know about my debutante , " and she says , "your debutante just knows what you need , but i know what you want . "
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?
now , the bricks lay on grand street , where the neon madmen climb .
they all fall there so perfectly .
it all seems so well timed .
and here i sit so patiently , waiting to find out what price you have to pay to get out of going through all these things twice .
oh , mama , can this really be the end , to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again ?

#leopard-skin pill-box hat

well , i see you got your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
yes , i see you got your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
well , you must tell me , baby , how your head feels under something like that , under your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
well , you look so pretty in it .
honey , can i jump on it sometime ?
yes , i just want to see if it 's really the expensive kind .
you know , it balances on your head just like a mattress balances on a bottle of wine , your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
well , if you want to see the sunrise , honey , i know where .
we 'll go out and see it sometime .
we 'll both just sit there and stare , me with my belt wrapped around my head and you just sitting there in your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
well , i asked the doctor if i could see you .
"it 's bad for your health , " he said .
yes , i disobeyed his orders .
i came to see you , but i found him there instead .
you know , i do n't mind him cheating on me , but i sure wish he 'd take that off his head , your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .
well , i see you got a new boyfriend .
no , i never seen him before .
well , i saw you making love with him .
you forgot to close the garage door .
you might think he loves you for your money , but i know what he really loves you for .
it 's your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat .

# just like a woman

nobody feels any pain tonight as i stand inside the rain .
everybody knows that baby 's got new clothes , but lately i see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls .
she takes just like a woman .
yes , she does !
she makes love just like a woman .
yes , she does !
and she aches just like a woman , but she breaks just like a little girl .
queen mary , she 's my friend .
yes , i believe i 'll go see her again .
nobody has to guess that baby ca n't be blessed till she finally sees that she 's like all the rest with her fog , her amphetamine , and her pearls .
she takes just like a woman , yes !
she makes love just like a woman .
yes , she does !
and she aches just like a woman , but she breaks just like a little girl .
it was raining from the first and i was dying of thirst , so i came in here .
and your long-time curse hurts , but what 's worse is this pain in here .
i ca n't stay in here .
be not it clear that i just ca n't fit ?
yes , i believe it 's time for us to quit .
and , when we meet again , introduced as friends , please do n't let on that you knew me when i was hungry and it was your world .
ah , you fake just like a woman .
yes , you do !
you make love just like a woman .
yes , you do !
then you ache just like a woman , but you break just like a little girl .

#most likely you go your way ( and i 'll go mine )

you say you love me and you 're thinking of me , but you know you could be wrong .
you say you told me that you want to hold me , but you know you 're not that strong .
i just ca n't do what i done before .
i just ca n't beg you anymore .
i 'm going to let you pass and i 'll go last .
then time will tell just who has fell and who 's been left behind when you go your way and i go mine .
you say you disturb me and you do n't deserve me , but you know sometimes you lie .
you say you 're shaking and you 're always aching , but you know how hard you try .
sometimes it gets so hard to care .
it ca n't be this way everywhere .
and i 'm going to let you pass .
yes , and i 'll go last .
then time will tell who has fell and who 's been left behind when you go your way and i go mine .
well , the judge , he holds a grudge .
he 's going to call on you .
but he 's badly-built and he walks on stilts .
watch out he do n't fall on you .
you say you 're sorry for telling stories that you know i believe are true .
you say you got some other kind of lover and , yes , i believe you do .
you say my kisses are not like his , but this time i 'm not going to tell you why that is .
i 'm just going to let you pass .
yes , and i 'll go last .
then time will tell who has fell and who 's been left behind when you go your way and i go mine .

#temporary like achilles

standing on your window , honey , yes , i 've been here before .
feeling so harmless , i 'm looking at your second door .
how come you do n't send me no regards ?
you know i want your loving .
honey , why are you so hard ?
kneeling beneath your ceiling , yes , i guess i 'll be here for a while .
i 'm trying to read your portrait , but i 'm helpless like a rich man 's child .
how come you send someone out to have me barred ?
you know i want your loving .
honey , why are you so hard ?
like a poor fool in his prime , yes , i know you can hear me walk , but is your heart made out of stone or is it lime or is it just solid rock ?
well , i lean into your hallway , lean against your velvet door .
i watch upon your scorpion , who crawls across your circus floor .
just what do you think you have to guard ?
you know i want your loving .
honey , but you 're so hard .
achilles is in your alleyway .
he do n't want me here , he does brag .
he 's pointing to the sky and he 's hungry like a man in drag .
how come you get someone like him to be your guard ?
you know i want your loving .
honey , but you 're so hard .

#absolutely sweet marie

well , your railroad gate , you know i just ca n't jump it .
sometimes it gets so hard to see .
i 'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet with all these promises you left for me .
but where are you tonight , sweet marie ?
well , i waited for you when i was half sick .
yes , i waited for you when you hated me .
well , i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic when you knew i had some other place to be .
now , where are you tonight , sweet marie ?
well , anybody can be just like me , obviously , but then now again not too many can be like you , fortunately .
well , six white horses that you did promise were finally delivered down to the penitentiary .
but to live outside the law you must be honest .
i know you always say that you agree .
alright , so , where are you tonight , sweet marie ?
well , i do n't know how it happened , but the riverboat captain , he knows my fate .
but everybody else , even yourself , they 're just going to have to wait .
well , i got the fever down in my pockets .
the persian drunkard , he follows me .
yes , i can take him to your house , but i ca n't unlock it .
you see , you forgot to leave me with the key .
oh , where are you tonight , sweet marie ?
well , i been in jail where all the mail showed that a man ca n't give his address out to bad company .
and now i stand here looking at your yellow railroad in the ruins of your balcony , wondering where you are tonight , sweet marie .

#fourth time around

when she said , "do n't waste your words , they 're just lies , " i cried she was deaf as she worked on my face till breaking my eyes , then said , "what else you got left ? "
it was then that i got up to leave , but she said , "do n't forget .
everybody must give something back for something they get . "
i stood there and hummed .
i tapped on her drum .
i asked her , "how come ? "
and she buttoned her boot and straightened her suit .
then she said , "do n't get cute . "
so i forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs and gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum .
she threw me outside .
i stood in the dirt where everyone walked .
and , after finding that i 'd forgotten my shirt , i went back and knocked .
i waited in the hallway .
she went to get it and i tried to make sense out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against her jamaican rum and , when she did come , i asked her for some .
she said , "no , dear . "
i said , "your words are n't clear .
you better spit out your plum . "
she screamed till her face got so red .
then she fell on the floor and i covered her up and then thought i 'll go look through her drawer .
and when i was through , i filled up my shoe and brought it to you .
and you , you took me in .
you loved me then .
you never wasted time ,
and i , i never took much .
i never asked for your crutch .
now , do n't ask for mine .

#obviously 5 believers

early in the morning , early in the morning i 'm calling you to , i 'm calling you to please come home .
yes , i could make it without you if i just did n't feel so all alone .
do n't let me down .
do n't let me down .
i wo n't let you down .
i wo n't let you down .
no , i wo n't .
you know that i know , honey , but , honey , please do n't .
i got my black dog barking , black dog barking .
yes , he is , now , yes , he is outside my yard .
yes , i 'd tell you what it means if i just did n't have to try so hard .
your mama 's working .
your mama 's moaning .
she 's crying , you know ?
she 's trying , you know ?
you better go now .
well , i 'd tell you what she wants if i , but i just do n't know how .
fifteen jugglers , fifteen jugglers , five believers , five believers all dressed like men .
tell your mama not to worry because , yes , they 're just my friends .
early in the morning , early in the morning i 'm calling you to , i 'm calling you to please come home .
yes , i could make it without you , honey , if i just did not feel so all alone .

#sad eyed lady of the lowlands

with your mercury mouth in the missionary times and your eyes like smoke and your prayers like rhymes and your silver cross and your voice like chimes , oh , who do they think could bury you ?
with your pockets well protected at last and your streetcar visions , which you place on the grass , and your flesh like silk and your face like glass , who could they get to carry you ?
sad-eyed lady of the lowlands , where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes .
my warehouse eyes , my arabian drums , should i put them by your gate ?
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ?
with your sheets like metal and your belt like lace and your deck of cards missing the jack and the ace and your basement-clothes and your hollow face , who among them could think he could outguess you ?
with your silhouette when the sunlight dims into your eyes , where the moonlight swims , and your match-book songs and your gypsy hymns , who among them would try to impress you ?
sad-eyed lady of the lowlands , where the sad-eyed prophets say that no man comes .
my warehouse eyes , my arabian drums should i put them by your gate ?
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ?
the kings of tyrus with their convict list are waiting in line for their geranium kiss and you would n't know it would happen like this , but who among them really wants just to kiss you ?
with your childhood flames on your midnight rug and your spanish manners and your mother 's drugs and your cowboy mouth and your curfew-plugs , who among them , do you think , could resist you ?
sad-eyed lady of the lowlands , where the sad-eyed prophets say that no man comes .
my warehouse eyes , my arabian drums , should i leave them by your gate ?
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ?
oh , the farmers and the businessmen , they all did decide to show you where the dead angels are that they used to hide , but why did they pick you to sympathize with their side ?
how could they ever mistake you ?
they wished you 'd accepted the blame for the farm , but with the sea at your feet and the phony false alarm and with the child of the hoodlum wrapped up in your arms , how could they ever have persuaded you ?
sad-eyed lady of the lowlands , where the sad-eyed prophets say that no man 's come .
my warehouse eyes , my arabian drums , should i leave them by your gate ?
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ?
with your sheet-metal memory of cannery row and your magazine-husband , who one day just had to go , and your gentleness now , which you just ca n't help but show , who among them , do you think , would employ you ?
now , you stand with your thief .
you 're on his parole .
with your holy medallion in your fingertips now that fold and your saintlike face and your ghostlike soul , who among them could ever think he could destroy you ?
sad-eyed lady of the lowlands , where the sad-eyed prophets3 say that no man comes .
my warehouse eyes , my arabian drums , should i leave them by your gate ?
or , sad-eyed lady , should i wait ?

#tangled up in blue

early one morning the sun was shining .
i was laying in bed , wondering if she 'd changed at all , if her hair was still red .
her folks , they said our lives together sure was going to be rough .
they never did like mama 's homemade dress .
papa 's bankbook was n't big enough .
and i was standing on the side of the road , rain falling on my shoes , heading out for the east coast .
lord knows , i 've paid some dues getting through , tangled up in blue .
she was married when we first met , soon to be divorced .
i helped her out of a jam , i guess , but i used a little too much force .
we drove that car as far as we could , abandoned it out west , split up on a dark , sad night , both agreeing it was best .
she turned around to look at me as i was walking away .
i heard her say over my shoulder , "we 'll meet again someday on the avenue , tangled up in blue . "
i had a job in the great north woods , working as a cook for a spell , but i never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell , so i drifted down to new orleans , where i lucky was to be employed , working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of delacroix .
but , all the while i was alone , the past was close behind .
i seen a lot of women , but she never escaped my mind and i just grew tangled up in blue .
she was working in a topless place and i stopped in for a beer .
i just kept looking at the side of her face in the spotlight so clear and later on , when the crowd thinned out , i was just about to do the same , she was standing there in back of my chair , said to me , "do n't i know your name ? "
i muttered something underneath my breath .
she studied the lines of my face .
i must admit , felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe , tangled up in blue .
she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe .
"i thought you 'd never say hello , " she said .
"you look like the silent type . "
then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me , written by an italian poet from the fifteenth century , and every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal , pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul , from me to you , tangled up in blue .
i lived with them on montague street in a basement down the stairs .
there was music in the cafes at night and revolution in the air .
then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died .
she had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside .
and , when it finally the bottom fell out , i became withdrawn .
the only thing i knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew , tangled up in blue .
so , now i 'm going back again .
i got to get to her somehow .
all the people we used to know , they 're an illusion to me now .
some are mathematicians .
some are carpenters ' wives .
do n't know how it all got started .
i do n't know what they 're doing with their lives , but me , i 'm still on the road , heading for another joint .
we always did feel the same .
we just saw it from a different point of view , tangled up in blue .

#simple twist of fate

they sat together in the park as the evening sky grew dark .
she looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones .
'twas then he felt alone and wished that he 'd gone straight and watched out for a simple twist of fate .
they walked along by the old canal , a little confused - i remember well - and stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burning bright .
he felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train , moving with a simple twist of fate .
a saxophone someplace far off played as she was walking on by the arcade , as the light burst through a beat-up shade , where he was waking up .
she dropped a coin into the cup above a blind man at the gate and forgot about a simple twist of fate .
he woke up .
the room was bare .
he did n't see her anywhere .
he told himself he did n't care , pushed the window open wide , felt that emptiness inside to which he just could not relate , brought on by a simple twist of fate .
he hears the ticking of the clocks and walks along with a parrot that talks , hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in .
maybe she 'll pick him out again .
how long must he wait one more time for a simple twist of fate ?
people tell me it 's a sin to know and feel too much within .
i still believe she was my twin , but i lost the ring .
she was born in spring , but i was born too late .
blame it on a simple twist of fate .

#you're a big girl now

our conversation was short and sweet .
it nearly swept me off of my feet .
and i 'm back in the rain .
oh , and you are on dry land .
you made it there somehow .
you 're a big girl now .
bird on the horizon sitting on a fence , he 's singing his song for me at his own expense .
and i 'm just like that bird , oh , singing just for you .
i hope that you can hear , hear me singing through these tears .
time is a jet plane .
it moves too fast .
oh , but what a shame that all we 've shared ca n't last .
i can change , i swear .
oh , see what you can do .
i can make it through .
you can make it , too .
love is so simple , to quote a phrase .
you 've known it all the time .
i 'm learning it these days .
oh , i know where i can find you , oh , in somebody 's room .
it 's a price i have to pay .
you 're a big girl all the way .
a change in the weather is known to be extreme , but what 's the sense of changing horses in midstream ?
i 'm going out of my mind , oh , with a pain that stops and starts like a corkscrew to my heart ever since we 've been apart .

#idiot wind

someone 's got it in for me .
they 're planting stories in the press .
whoever it is , i wish they 'd cut it out quick , but when they will i can only guess .
they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy .
she inherited a million bucks and , when she died , it came to me .
i ca n't help it if i 'm lucky .
people see me all the time and they just ca n't remember how to act .
their minds are filled with big ideas , images , and distorted facts .
even you , yesterday , you had to ask me where it was at .
i could n't believe after all these years you did n't know me any better than that , sweet lady .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth , blowing down the backroads , heading south .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
i ran into the fortune-teller , who said beware of lightning that might strike .
i have n't known peace and quiet for so long i ca n't remember what it 's like .
there 's a lone soldier on the cross , smoke pouring out of a boxcar door .
you did n't know it .
you did n't think it could be done .
in the final end he won the war after losing every battle .
i woke up on the roadside , daydreaming about the way things sometimes are .
visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are making me see stars .
you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies .
one day you 'll be in the ditch , flies buzzing around your eyes , blood on your saddle .
idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb , blowing through the curtains in your room .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart .
you tamed the lion in my cage , but it just was n't enough to change my heart .
now everything 's a little upside down .
as a matter of fact , the wheels have stopped .
what 's good is bad .
what 's bad is good .
you find out , when you reach the top , you 're on the bottom .
i noticed at the ceremony your corrupt ways had finally made you blind .
i ca n't remember your face anymore .
your mouth has changed .
your eyes do n't look into mine .
the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building burned .
i waited for you on the running boards near the cypress tree while the springtime turned slowly into autumn .
idiot wind blowing like a circle around my skull , from the grand coulee dam to the capitol .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
i ca n't feel you anymore .
i ca n't even touch the books you 've read .
every time i crawl past your door , i been wishing i 've been somebody else instead .
down the highway , down the tracks , down the road to ecstasy , i followed you beneath the stars , hounded by your memory and all your raging glory .
i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i 'm finally free .
i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me .
you 'll never know the hurt i 've suffered , nor the pain i 'd rise above and i 'll never know the same about you , your holiness , or your kind of love , and it makes me feel so sorry .
idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coat , blowing through the letters that we wrote .
idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves .
we 're idiots , babe .
it 's a wonder we can even feed ourselves .

#you're going to make me lonesome when you go

i 've seen love go by my door .
it 's never been this close before .
never been so easy or so slow .
i been shooting in the dark too long .
when something 's not right , it 's wrong .
you 're going to make me lonesome when you go .
dragon clouds so high above , i 've only known careless love .
it always has hit me from below , but this time around it 's more correct , right on target , so direct .
you 're going to make me lonesome when you go .
purple clover , queen anne lace , crimson hair across your face , you could make me cry if you do n't know .
ca n't remember what i was thinking of .
you might be spoiling me too much , love .
you 're going to make me lonesome when you go .
flowers on the hillside blooming crazy , crickets talking back and forth in rhyme , blue river running slow and lazy , i could stay with you forever and never realize the time .
situations have ended sad .
relationships have all been bad .
mine 've been like verlaine 's and rimbaud 's , but there 's no way i can compare all them scenes to this affair .
you 're going to make me lonesome when you go .
you 're going to make me wonder what i 'm doing , staying far behind without you .
you 're going to make me wonder what i 'm saying .
you 're going to make me give myself a good talking-to .
i 'll look for you in old honolulu , san francisco , or ashtabula .
you 're going to have to leave me now , i know .
but i 'll see you in the sky above , in the tall grass , in the ones i love .
you 're going to make me lonesome when you go .

#meet me in the morning

meet me in the morning , 56th and wabasha .
meet me in the morning , 56th and wabasha .
honey , we could be in kansas by the time the snow begins to thaw .
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn .
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn , but you would n't know it by me .
every day 's been darkness since you been gone .
little rooster crowing .
there must be something on his mind .
little rooster crowing .
there must be something on his mind .
well , i feel just like that rooster .
honey , you treat me so unkind .
well , i struggled through barbed wire , felt the hail fall from above .
well , i struggled through barbed wire , felt the hail fall from above .
well , you know , i 've even outrun the hound dog .
honey , you know i 've earned your love .
look at the sun sinking like a ship .
look at the sun sinking like a ship .
aing . that just like my heart , babe , when you kiss my lips ?

#lily , rosemary and the jack of hearts

the festival was over and the boys were all planning for a fall .
the cabaret was quiet except for the drilling in the wall .
the curfew had been lifted and the gambling wheel shut down .
anyone with any sense had already left town .
he was standing in the doorway , looking like the jack of hearts .
he moved across the mirrored room .
" set it up for everyone , " he said .
then everyone commenced to do what they were doing before he turned their heads .
and he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin , " could you kindly tell me , friend , what time the show begins ? "
then he moved into the corner , face down like the jack of hearts .
backstage the girls were playing five-card stud by the stairs .
lily had two queens .
she was hoping for a third to match her pair .
outside the streets were filling up .
the window was open wide .
a gentle breeze was blowing .
you could feel it from inside .
lily called another bet and drew up the jack of hearts .
big jim was no one 's fool .
he owned the town 's only diamond mine .
he made his usual entrance , looking so dandy and so fine .
with his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place , he took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste , but his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the jack of hearts .
rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town .
she slipped in through the side door , looking like a queen without a crown .
she fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear , " sorry , darling , that i 'm late , " but he did n't seem to hear .
he was staring into space over at the jack of hearts .
i know i 've seen that face somewhere , big jim was thinking to himself .
maybe down in mexico or a picture upon somebody 's shelf .
but then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the house lights did dim and in the darkness of the room there was only jim and him , staring at the butterfly , who just drew the jack of hearts .
lily was a princess .
she was fair-skinned and precious as a child .
she did whatever she had to do .
she had that certain flash every time she smiled .
she had come away from a broken home , had lots of strange affairs with men in every walk of life , which took her everywhere , but she 'd never met anyone quite like the jack of hearts .
the hanging judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined .
the drilling in the wall kept up , but no one seemed to pay it any mind .
it was known all around that lily had jim 's ring and nothing would ever come between lily and the king .
no , nothing ever would , except maybe the jack of hearts .
rosemary started drinking hard and seeing her reflection in the knife .
she was tired of the attention , tired of playing the role of big jim 's wife .
she had done a lot of bad things , even once tried suicide , was looking to do just one good deed before she died .
she was gazing to the future , riding on the jack of hearts .
lily took her dress off , buried it away .
"has your luck run out ? " she laughed at him .
"well , i guess you must 've known it would some day .
be careful not to touch the wall .
there 's a brand-new coat of paint .
i 'm glad to see you 're still alive .
you 're looking like a saint . "
down the hallway footsteps were coming for the jack of hearts .
the backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair .
" there 's something funny going on , " he said .
"i can just feel it in the air . "
he went to get the hanging judge , but the hanging judge was drunk as the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk .
there was no actor anywhere better than the jack of hearts .
no one knew the circumstance , but they say that it happened pretty quick .
the door to the dressing room burst open and a colt revolver clicked .
and big jim was standing there  you could n't say surprised , rosemary right beside him , steady in her eyes .
she was with big jim , but she was leaning to the jack of hearts .
two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall and cleaned out the bank safe .
it 's said they got off with quite a haul .
in the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground for one more member , who had business back in town , for they could n't go no further without the jack of hearts .
the next day was hanging day .
the sky was overcast and black .
big jim lay covered up , killed by a penknife in the back .
and rosemary on the gallows , she did n't even blink .
the hanging judge was sober .
he had n't had a drink .
the only person on the scene missing was the jack of hearts .
the cabaret was empty now .
a sign said " closed for repair " .
lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair .
she was thinking about her father , who she very rarely saw , thinking about rosemary and thinking about the law , but most of all she was thinking about the jack of hearts .

#if you see her , say hello

if you see her , say hello .
she might be in tangier .
she left here last early spring , is living there , i hear .
say for me that i 'm alright , though things get kind of slow .
she might think that i 've forgotten her .
do n't tell her .
it is n't so .
we had a falling-out like lovers often will and to think of how she left that night it still brings me a chill .
and , though our separation , it pierced me to the heart , she still lives inside of me .
we 've never been apart .
if you get close to her , kiss her once for me .
i always have respected her for doing what she did and getting free .
oh , whatever makes her happy , i wo n't stand in the way for the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay .
i see a lot of people as i make the rounds and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town .
and i 've never gotten used to it .
i 've just learned to turn it off .
either i 'm too sensitive or else i 'm getting soft .
sundown , yellow moon , i replay the past .
i know every scene by heart .
they all went by so fast .
if she 's passing back this way , i 'm not that hard to find .
tell her she can look me up if she 's got the time .

#shelter from the storm

'twas in another lifetime , one of toil and blood , when blackness was a virtue , the road was full of mud .
i came in from the wilderness a creature void of form .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
and , if i pass this way again , you can rest assured .
i 'll always do my best for her .
on that i give my word .
in a world of steel-eyed death and men who are fighting to be warm , " come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
not a word was spoke between us .
there was little risk involved .
everything up to that point had been left unresolved .
try imagining a place where it 's always safe and warm .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
i was burned out from exhaustion , buried in the hail , poisoned in the bushes and blown out on the trail , hunted like a crocodile , ravaged in the corn .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
suddenly i turned around and she was standing there with silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair .
she walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
now there 's a wall between us .
something there 's been lost .
i took too much for granted .
i got my signals crossed .
just to think that it all began on a non-eventful morn .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
well , the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount , but nothing really matters much .
it 's doom alone that counts .
and the one-eyed undertaker , he blows a futile horn .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
i 've heard newborn babies wailing like a mourning dove and old men with broken teeth , stranded without love .
do i understand your question , man ?
is it hopeless and forlorn ?
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
in a little hilltop village they gambled for my clothes .
i bargained for salvation and she give me a lethal dose .
i offered up my innocence .
i got repaid with scorn .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "
well , i 'm living in a foreign country , but i 'm bound to cross the line .
beauty walks a razor 's edge .
some day i 'll make it mine .
if i could only turn back the clock to when god and her were born .
" come in , " she said .
"i'll give you shelter from the storm . "

#buckets of rain

buckets of rain , buckets of tears , got all them buckets coming out of my ears .
buckets of moonbeams in my hand .
you got all the love , honey baby , i can stand .
i been meek and hard like an oak .
i 've seen pretty people disappear like smoke .
friends will arrive .
friends will disappear .
if you want me , honey baby , i 'll be here .
i like the smile in your fingertips .
i like the way that you move your hips .
i like the cool way you look at me .
everything about you is bringing me misery .
little red wagon , little red bike , i be not no monkey , but i know what i like .
i like the way you love me strong and slow .
i 'm taking you with me , honey baby , where i go .
life is sad .
life is a bust .
all you can do is do what you must .
you do what you must do and you do it well .
i do it for you .
honey baby , ca n't you tell ?

#subterranean homesick blues

johnny 's in the basement , mixing up the medicine .
i 'm on the pavement , thinking about the government .
the man in the trench coat , badge out , laid off , says he 's got a bad cough , wants to get it paid off .
look out , kid , it 's something you did .
god knows when , but you 're doing it again .
you better duck down the alleyway , looking for a new friend .
the man in the coon-skin cap in the pigpen wants eleven dollar bills .
you only got ten .
maggie comes fleet-foot , face full of black soot , talking that the heat put plants in the bed , but the phone 's tapped , anyway .
maggie says that many say they must bust in early may , orders from the d.a .
look out , kid , do n't matter what you did .
do n't walk on your tip-toes , do n't try no doz , better stay away from those that carry around a fire-hose , keep a clean nose , watch the plain clothes .
you do n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows .
ah , get sick , get well , hang around the ink-well , ring bell , hard to tell if anything is going to sell , try hard , get barred , get back , write braille , get jailed , jump bail , join the army if you fail .
look out , kid , you 're going to get hit by losers , cheaters , six-time users hanging around the theaters .
girl by the whirlpool 's looking for a new fool .
do n't follow leaders , watch the parking meters .
oh , get born , keep warm , short pants , romance , learn to dance , get dressed , get blessed , try to be a success , please her , please him , buy gifts , do n't steal , do n't lift .
twenty years of schooling and they put you on the day shift .
look out , kid , they keep it all hid .
better jump down a manhole , light yourself a candle , do n't wear sandals , and try to avoid the scandals .
do n't want to be a bum ?
you better chew gum ,
the pump do n't work because the vandals took the handles .

#she belongs to me

she 's got everything she needs .
she 's an artist .
she do n't look back ,
she 's got everything she needs .
she 's an artist .
she do n't look back .
she can take the dark out of the night-time and paint the day-time black .
you will start out standing , proud to steal her anything she sees .
you will start out standing , proud to steal her anything she sees , but you will wind up peeking through her keyhole down upon your knees .
she never stumbles .
she 's got no place to fall .
she never stumbles .
she 's got no place to fall .
she 's nobody 's child .
the law ca n't touch her at all .
she wears an egyptian ring .
it sparkles before she speaks .
she wears an egyptian ring .
it sparkles before she speaks .
she 's a hypnotist collector .
you are a walking antique .
bow down to her on sunday .
salute her when her birthday comes .
bow down to her on sunday .
salute her when her birthday comes .
for halloween buy her a trumpet and for christmas give her a drum .

#maggie 's farm

i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .
no , i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .
well , i wake up in the morning , fold my hands , and pray for rain .
i got a head full of ideas that are driving me insane .
it 's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor .
i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .
i be not going to work for maggie 's brother no more .
no , i be not going to work for maggie 's brother no more .
well , he hands you a nickel .
he hands you a dime .
he asks you with a grin if you 're having a good time .
then he fines you every time you slam the door .
i be not going to work for maggie 's brother no more .
i be not going to work for maggie 's pa no more .
no , i be not going to work for maggie 's pa no more .
well , he puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks .
his bedroom window , it is made out of bricks .
the national guard stands around his door .
i be not going to work for maggie 's pa no more .
i be not going to work for maggie 's ma no more .
no , i be not going to work for maggie 's ma no more .
well , she talks to all the servants about man and god and law .
everybody says she 's the brains behind pa .
she 's 68 , but she says she 's 54 .
i be not going to work for maggie 's ma no more .
i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .
i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .
well , i try my best to be just like i am , but everybody wants you to be just like them .
they say , " sing while you slave ! "
and i just get bored .
i be not going to work on maggie 's farm no more .

#love minus zero/no limit

my love , she speaks like silence , without ideals or violence .
she does n't have to say she 's faithful .
yet she 's true like ice , like fire .
people carry roses and make promises by the hours .
my love , she laughs like the flowers .
valentines ca n't buy her .
in the dimestores and bus-stations people talk of situations , read books , repeat quotations , draw conclusions on the wall .
some speak of the future .
my love , she speaks softly .
she knows there 's no success like failure and that failure 's no success at all .
the cloak and dagger dangles .
madams light the candles .
in ceremonies of the horsemen even the pawn must hold a grudge .
statues made of matchsticks crumble into one another .
my love winks .
she does not bother .
she knows too much to argue or to judge .
the bridge at midnight trembles .
the country doctor rambles .
bankers ' nieces seek perfection , expecting all the gifts that wise men bring .
the wind howls like a hammer and the night blows rainy .
my love , she 's like some raven at my window with a broken wing .

#outlaw blues

aing . it hard to stumble and land in some funny lagoon ?
aing . it hard to stumble and land in some muddy lagoon , especially when it 's nine below zero and three o'clock in the afternoon ?
aing . going to hang no picture .
aing . going to hang no picture-frame .
aing . going to hang no picture or hang no picture-frame .
well , i might look like robert ford , but i feel just like jesse james .
well , i wish i was on some australian mountain range .
oh , i wish i was on some australian mountain range .
i got no reason to be there , but i imagine it would be some kind of change .
i got my dark sunglasses .
i got for good luck my black tooth .
i got my dark sunglasses ,
i 'm carrying for good luck my black tooth .
do n't ask me nothing about nothing .
i just might tell you the truth .
i got a woman in jackson .
oh , i be not going to say her name .
i got a woman in jackson .
i be not going to say her name .
she 's a brown-skin woman , but i , i love her just the same .

#on the road again

well , i wake up in the morning , there 's frogs inside my socks .
your mama , she 's hiding inside the icebox .
your daddy walks in wearing a napoleon bonaparte mask .
and you ask why i do n't live here .
honey , do you have to ask ?
well , i go to pet your monkey , i get a face full of claws .
i said , "who 's in the fireplace ? " and you tell me , " santa claus . "
the milkman comes in , he 's wearing a derby hat .
and you ask why i do n't live here .
honey , how come you have to ask me that ?
well , i asked for something to eat , i 'm hungry as a hog , so i get brown rice , seaweed , and a dirty hot dog .
i 've got a hole where my stomach disappeared .
then you ask why i do n't live here .
honey , i got to think you 're really weird .
your grandpa 's cane , it turns into a sword .
your grandma prays to pictures that are pasted on a board .
everything inside my pockets your uncle steals .
and you ask why i do n't live here .
honey , i ca n't believe that you 're for real .
well , there 's fistfights in the kitchen .
they 're enough to make me cry .
then the mailman comes in .
even he 's got to take a side ,
even the butler , he 's got something to prove .
and you ask why i do n't live here .
honey , how come you do n't move ?

#bob dylan 's 115th dream

i was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land .
i yelled for captain arab , i 'll have you understand , who came running to the deck , said , "boys , forget the whale .
look on over yonder !
cut the engines !
change the sail !
haul on the bowline " .
we sang that melody like all tough sailors do when they 're far away at sea .
"i think i 'll call it america , " i said as we hit land .
i took a deep breath .
i fell down .
i could not stand .
captain arab , he started writing up some deeds .
he said , "let 's set up a fort and start buying the place with beads . "
just then this cop comes down the street , crazy as a loon .
he throws us all in jail for carrying harpoons .
oh , me , i busted out .
do n't even ask me how .
i went to get some help .
i walked by a guernsey cow , who directed me down to the bowery slums , where people carried signs around , saying "ban the bums " .
i jumped right into line , saying , "i hope that i 'm not late" , when i realized i had n't eaten for five days straight .
i went into a restaurant looking for the cook .
i told 'em i was the editor of a famous etiquette book .
the waitress , he was handsome .
he wore a powder-blue cape .
i ordered some suzette .
i said , " could you please make that crepe ? "
just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat .
food was flying everywhere .
i left without my hat .
now , i did n't mean to be nosy , but i went into a bank to get some bail for arab and all the boys back in the tank .
they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants .
they threw me in the alley when up comes this girl from france , who invited me to her house .
i went , but she had a friend who knocked me out and robbed my boots and i was on the street again .
well , i rapped upon a house with the u .s . flag upon display .
i said , " could you help me out ?
i got some friends down the way . "
the man says , "get out of here !
i 'll tear you limb from limb ! "
i said , "you know , they refused jesus too . "
he said , "you're not him !
get out of here before i break your bones .
i be not your pop ! "
i decided to have him arrested and i went looking for a cop .
i ran right outside .
i hopped inside a cab .
i went out the other door ,
this englishman said "fab ! " as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood .
i ran right through the front door like a hobo-sailor does , but it was just a funeral parlor
and the man asked me who i was .
i repeated that my friends were all in jail with a sigh .
he gave me his card .
he said , " call me if they die . "
i shook his hand and said goodbye , ran out to the street when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet .
a pay phone was ringing .
it just about blew my mind .
when i picked it up and said hello , this foot came through the line .
well , by this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at bringing back any help for my friends and captain arab .
i decided to flip a coin , like either heads or tails would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail .
so i hocked my sailor suit and i got a coin to flip .
it came up tails .
it rhymed with sail , so i made it back to the ship .
well , i got back , took the parking ticket off the mast .
i was ripping it to shreds when this coastguard boat went past .
they asked me my name and i said , " captain kidd" .
they believed me , but they wanted to know what exactly that i did .
i said for the pope of eruke i was employed .
they let me go right away .
they were very paranoid .
well , the last i heard of arab , he was stuck on a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail .
but the funniest thing was , when i was leaving the bay , i saw three ships sailing .
they were all heading my way .
i asked the captain what his name was and how come he did n't drive a truck .
he said his name was columbus .
i just said , " good luck . "

#mr . tambourine man

hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
i 'm not sleepy and there is no place i 'm going to .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come following you .
though i know that evening 's empire has returned into sand , vanished from my hand , left me blindly here to stand , but still not sleeping , my weariness amazes me , i 'm branded on my feet , i have no one to meet , and the ancient , empty street 's too dead for dreaming .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
i 'm not sleepy and there is no place i 'm going to .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come following you .
take me on a trip upon your magic , swirling ship .
my senses have been stripped .
my hands ca n't feel to grip .
my toes , too numb to step , wait only for my boot-heels to be wandering .
i 'm ready to go anywhere .
i 'm ready for to fade into my own parade .
cast your dancing spell my way , i promise to go under it .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
i 'm not sleepy and there is no place i 'm going to .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come following you .
though you might hear laughing , spinning , swinging madly across the sun , it 's not aimed at anyone , it 's just escaping on the run , and but for the sky there are no fences facing .
and , if you hear vague traces of skipping reels of rhyme to your tambourine in time , it 's just a ragged clown behind .
i would n't pay it any mind .
it 's just a shadow you 're seeing that he 's chasing .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
i 'm not sleepy and there is no place i 'm going to .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come following you .
and take me disappearing through the smoke-rings of my mind , down the foggy ruins of time , far past the frozen leaves , the haunted , frightened trees , out to the windy beach , far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow .
yes , to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free , silhouetted by the sea , circled by the circus sands , with all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves , let me forget about today until tomorrow .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
i 'm not sleepy and there is no place i 'm going to .
hey , mr . tambourine man , play a song for me .
in the jingle-jangle morning i 'll come following you .

#gates of eden

of war and peace the truth just twists .
its curfew-gull , it glides upon four-legged forest-clouds .
the cowboy angel rides with his candle lit into the sun though its glow is waxed in black , all except when beneath the trees of eden .
the lamppost stands with folded arms , its iron claws attached to curbs beneath holes where babies wail though its shadow 's metal badge all and all can only fall with a crashing , but meaningless blow .
no sound ever comes from the gates of eden .
the savage soldier sticks his head in sand and then complains unto the shoeless hunter who 's gone deaf , but still remains upon the beach , where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails , heading for the gates of eden .
with a time-rusted compass blade , aladdin and his lamp sits with utopian hermit-monks side-saddle on the golden calf and on their promises of paradise you will not hear a laugh , all except inside the gates of eden .
relationships of ownership , they whisper in the wings to those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings and i try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings .
there are no kings inside the gates of eden .
the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and her silver-studded phantom cause the gray-flannel dwarf to scream as he weeps to wicked birds of prey , who pick up on his breadcrumb sins and there are no sins inside the gates of eden .
the kingdoms of experience , in the precious winds they rot while paupers change possessions , each one wishing for what the other has got .
and the princess and the prince discuss what 's real and what is not .
it does n't matter inside the gates of eden .
the foreign sun , it squints upon a bed that is never mine as friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign , leaving men wholly , totally free to do anything they wish to do , but die and there are no trials inside the gates of eden .
at dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams with no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means .
at times i think there are no words but these to tell what 's true and there are no truths outside the gates of eden .

#it 's alright , ma ( i 'm only bleeding )

darkness at the break of noon shadows even the silver spoon .
the hand-made blade , the child 's balloon eclipses both the sun and moon .
to understand , you know too soon there 's no sense in trying .
pointed threats , they bluff with scorn .
suicide remarks are torn from the fool 's gold mouthpiece .
the hollow horn plays wasted words , proves to warn that he not busy being born is busy dying .
temptation 's page flies out the door .
you follow , find yourself at war , watch waterfalls of pity roar .
you feel to moan , but unlike before you discover that you 'd just be one more person crying .
so , do n't fear if you hear a foreign sound to your ear .
it 's alright , ma , i 'm only sighing .
as some warn victory , some downfall , private reasons , great or small , can be seen in the eyes of those that call to make all that should be killed to crawl while others say , "do n't hate nothing at all except hatred . "
disillusioned words like bullets bark as human gods aim for their mark , make everything from toy guns that spark to flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark .
it 's easy to see without looking too far that not much is really sacred .
while preachers preach of evil fates , teachers teach that knowledge waits , can lead to hundred-dollar plates , goodness hides behind its gates , but even the president of the united states sometimes must have to stand naked .
and , though the rules of the road have been lodged , it 's only people 's games that you got to dodge and it 's alright , ma , i can make it .
advertising signs that con you into thinking you 're the one that can do what 's never been done , that can win what 's never been won .
meantime life outside goes on all around you .
you lose yourself .
you reappear .
you suddenly find you got nothing to fear .
alone you stand with nobody near when a trembling , distant voice , unclear , startles your sleeping ears to hear that somebody thinks they really found you .
a question in your nerves is lit , yet you know there is no answer fit to satisfy , ensure you not to quit , to keep it in your mind and not forget that it is not he or she or them or it that you belong to .
but , though the masters make the rules for the wise men and the fools , i got nothing , ma , to live up to .
for them that must obey authority that they do not respect in any degree , who despise their jobs , their destinies , speak jealously of them that are free , do what they do just to be nothing more than something they invest in .
while some on principles baptized to strict party-platform ties , social clubs in drag disguise , outsiders they can freely criticize , tell nothing except who to idolize and say , "god bless him . "
while one who sings with his tongue on fire gargles in the rat-race choir , bent out of shape from society 's pliers , cares not to come up any higher , but rather get you down in the hole that he 's in .
but i mean no harm nor put fault on anyone that lives in a vault , but it 's alright , ma , if i ca n't please him .
old-lady judges watch people in pairs .
limited in sex they dare to push fake morals , insult , and stare while money does n't talk , it swears , obscenity  who really cares ?  propaganda all is phony .
while them that defend what they cannot see with a killer 's pride , security , it blows their minds most bitterly for them that think death 's honesty wo n't fall upon them naturally , life sometimes must get lonely .
my eyes collide head-on with stuffed graveyards , false goals .
i scuff at pettiness , which plays so rough , walk upside-down inside handcuffs , kick my legs to crash it off , say , "ok , i 've had enough , what else can you show me ? "
and , if my thought-dreams could be seen , they 'd probably put my head in a guillotine , but it 's alright , ma , it 's life and life only .

#it 's all over now , baby blue

you must leave now .
take what you need , you think will last , but whatever you wish to keep , you better grab it fast .
yonder stands your orphan with his gun , crying like a fire in the sun .
look out , the saints are coming through and it 's all over now , baby blue .
the highway is for gamblers .
better use your sense ,
take what you have gathered from coincidence .
the empty-handed painter from your streets is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets ,
the sky , too , is folding under you and it 's all over now , baby blue .
all your seasick sailors , they 're all rowing home .
your own empty-handed army is all going home .
your lover , who just walked out your door , has taken all his blankets from the floor .
the carpet , too , is moving under you and it 's all over now , baby blue .
leave your stepping-stones behind .
there 's something that calls for you .
forget the dead you 've left .
they will not follow you .
the vagabond who 's rapping at your door is standing in the clothes that you once wore .
strike another match .
go start anew .
and it 's all over now , baby blue .

#like a rolling stone

once upon a time you dressed so fine , threw the bums a dime in your prime , did n't you ?
people 'd call , say , "beware , doll , you 're bound to fall" .
you thought they were all kidding you .
you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out .
now you do n't talk so loud .
now you do n't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal .
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be without a home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , you gone to the finest school , alright , ms . lonely , but you know you only used to get juiced in it .
nobody 's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you 're going to have to get used to it .
you said you 'd never compromise with the mystery tramp , but now you realize he 's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say , "do you want to make a deal ? "
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you .
you never understood that it be not no good .
you should n't let other people get your kicks for you .
you used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat , who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat .
aing . it hard when you discover that he really was n't where it 's at after he took from you everything he could steal ?
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , princess on the steeple and all the pretty people , they 're all drinking , thinking that they got it made , exchanging all precious gifts , but you 'd better take your diamond ring , you 'd better pawn it , babe .
you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used .
go to him now .
he calls you .
you ca n't refuse .
when you be not got nothing , you got nothing to lose .
you 're invisible now .
you got no secrets to conceal .
how does it feel ?
oh , how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?

#tombstone blues

the sweet , pretty things are in bed now of course .
the city fathers , they 're trying to endorse the reincarnation of paul revere 's horse , but the town has no need to be nervous .
the ghost of belle starr , she hands down her wits to jezebel .
the nun , she violently knits a bald wig for jack the ripper , who sits at the head of the chamber of commerce .
mama 's in a factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues .
the hysterical bride in the penny arcade , screaming , she moans , "i have just been made ! "
then sends out for the doctor , who pulls down the shade and says , "my advice is to not let the boys in . "
now , the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside .
he walks with a swagger and he says to the bride , " stop all this weeping .
swallow your pride .
you will not die .
it 's not poison ! "
mama 's in the factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues .
well , john the baptist , after torturing a thief , looks up at his hero , the commander-in-chief , saying , "tell me , great hero , but please make it brief , is there a hole for me to get sick in ? "
the commander-in-chief answers him while chasing a fly , saying , "death to all those who would whimper and cry ! "
and , dropping a barbell , he points to the sky , saying , " the sun 's not yellow .
it 's chicken ! "
mama 's in the factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues .
the king of the philistines , his soldiers to save , puts jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves , puts the pied-pipers in prison and fattens the slaves , then sends them out to the jungle .
gypsy davey with a blowtorch , he burns out their camps .
with his faithful slave pedro behind him he tramps with a fantastic collection of stamps to win friends and influence his uncle .
mama 's in a factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in trouble with the tombstone blues .
the geometry of innocent flesh on the bone causes galileo 's math book to get thrown at delilah , who 's sitting worthlessly alone , but the tears on her cheeks are from laughter .
i wish i could give brother bill his great thrill .
i would set him in chains at the top of the hill , then send out for some pillars and cecil b . demill .
he could die happily ever after .
mama 's in the factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues .
where ma rainey and beethoven once unwrapped their bedroll , tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole and the national bank at a profit sells road maps for the soul to the old folks ' home and the college .
i wish i could write you a melody so plain that could hold you , dear lady , from going insane , that could ease you and cool you and cease the pain of your useless and pointless knowledge .
mama 's in the factory .
she be not got no shoes .
daddy 's in the alley .
he 's looking for food .
i 'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues .

#it takes a lot to laugh , it takes a train to cry

well , i ride on a mail-train , baby , ca n't buy a thrill .
well , i 've been up all night , leaning on the windowsill .
well , if i die on top of the hill and if i do n't make it , you know my baby will .
do n't the moon look good , mama , shining through the trees ?
do n't the brakeman look good , mama , flagging down the double e ?
do n't the sun look good going down over the sea ?
but do n't my gal look fine when she 's coming after me ?
now , the wintertime is coming .
the windows are filled with frost .
i went to tell everybody , but i could not get across .
well , i want to be your lover , baby .
i do n't want to be your boss .
do n't say i never warned you when your train gets lost .

#from a buick 6

i got this graveyard woman , you know , she keeps my kids .
but my soulful mama , you know , she keeps me hid .
she 's a junkyard angel and she always gives me bread .
well , if i fall down dying , you know , she bound to put a blanket on my bed .
well , when the pipeline gets broken and i 'm lost on the river bridge , i 'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water 's edge , again she comes down the thruway ready to sew me up with the thread .
well , if i fall down dying , you know , she bound to put a blanket on my bed .
well , she do n't make me nervous .
she do n't talk too much .
she walks like bo diddley and she do n't need no crutch .
she keeps this .410 all loaded with lead .
well , if i fall down dying , you know , she bound to put a blanket on my bed .
come on !
well , you know , i need a steam-shovel , mama , to keep away the dead .
i need a dump-truck , baby , to unload my head .
she brings me everything and more and just like i said , well , if i fall down dying , you know , she bound to put a blanket on my bed .

#ballad of a thin man

you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand .
you see somebody naked and you , you say , " who is that man ? "
you try so hard , but you do n't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you raise up your head and you ask , "is this where it is ? "
and somebody points to you and says , "it 's his . "
and you say , "what 's mine ? "
and somebody else says , "where what is ? "
and you say , "oh , my god , am i here all alone ? "
but something is happening and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek , who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says , "how does it feel to be such a freak ? "
and you say , "impossible ! " as he hands you a bone .
and something is happening here , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination .
but nobody has any respect .
anyway , they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations .
oh , you been with the professors and they 've all liked your looks .
with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks .
you been through all of f . scott fitzgerald 's books .
you 're very well-read .
it 's well-known .
but something is happening here and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
well , the sword swallower , he comes up to you and then he kneels .
he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice he asks you how it feels and he says , "here is your throat back .
thanks for the loan . "
and you know something is happening , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
now , you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word now and you say , " for what reason ? "
and he says , "how ? "
and you say , "what does this mean ? "
and he screams back , "you're a cow !
give me some milk or else go home ! "
and you know something 's happening , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
well , you walk into the room like a camel and then you frown .
you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground .
there ought to be a law against you coming around .
you should be made to wear earphones because something is happening and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?

#queen jane approximately

when your mother sends back all your invitations and your father , to your sister he explains that you 're tired of yourself and all of your creations , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
now , when all of the flower-ladies want back what they have lent you and the smell of their roses does not remain and all of your children start to resent you , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
now , when all the clowns that you have commissioned have died in battle or in vain and you 're sick of all this repetition , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
oh , when all of your advisers heave their plastic at your feet to convince you of your pain , trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
now , when all of the bandits that you turned your other cheek to all lay down their bandanas and complain and you want somebody you do n't have to speak to , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?
oh , wo n't you come see me , queen jane ?

#highway 61 revisited

oh , god said to abraham , "kill me a son . "
abe said , "man , you must be putting me on . "
god said , "no . "
abe said , "what ? "
god said , "you can do what you want , abe , but the next time you see me coming you better run . "
well , abe said , "where you want this killing done ? "
god said , "oh , down highway 61 ."
well , georgia sam , he had a bloody nose .
welfare department , they would n't give him no clothes .
he asked poor howard , "where can i go ? "
howard said , " there 's only one place i know . "
sam said , "tell me quick , man .
i got to run ! "
oh , howard just pointed with his gun and said , " that way , down highway 61 ."
well , mack the finger said to louis the king , "i got forty red , white , and blue shoestrings and a thousand telephones that do n't ring .
do you know where i can get rid of these things ? "
and louis the king said , "let me think for a minute , son . "
then he said , "yes , i think it can be easily done .
just take everything down to highway 61 ."
now , the fifth daughter on the twelfth night told the first father that things were n't right .
"my complexion , " she says , "is much too white . "
he said , " come here and step into the light . "
he says , "hmm , you 're right .
let me tell the second mother this has been done . "
but the second mother was with the seventh son and they were both out on highway 61 .
now , the roving gambler , he was very bored trying to create a next world war .
he found a promoter , who nearly fell off the floor .
he said , "i never engaged in this kind of thing before , but , yes , i think it can be very easily done .
we 'll just put some bleachers out in the sun and have it on highway 61 ."

# just like tom thumb 's blues

when you 're lost in the rain in juarez and it 's eastertime , too , and your gravity fails and negativity do n't pull you through , do n't put on any airs when you 're down on rue morgue avenue .
they got some hungry women there and they really make a mess out of you .
now , if you see saint annie , please tell her " thanks a lot " .
i cannot move .
my fingers are all in a knot .
i do n't have the strength to get up and take another shot and my best friend , my doctor , wo n't even say what it is i 've got .
sweet melinda , the peasants call her the "goddess of gloom" .
she speaks good english and she invites you up into her room .
and you 're so kind and careful not to go to her too soon as she takes your voice and leaves you howling at the moon .
up on housing project hill it 's either fortune or fame .
you must pick one or the other though neither of them are to be what they claim .
if you 're looking to get silly , you better go back to from where you came because the cops do n't need you and , man , they expect the same .
now , all the authorities , they just stand around and boast how they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms into leaving his post and picking up angel , who just arrived here from the coast , who looked so fine at first , but left looking just like a ghost .
i started out on burgundy , but soon hit the harder stuff .
everybody said they 'd stand behind me when the game got rough , but the joke was on me .
there was nobody even there to bluff .
i 'm going back to new york city .
i do believe i 've had enough .

#desolation row

they 're selling postcards of the hanging .
they 're painting the passports brown .
the beauty parlor is filled with sailors .
the circus is in town .
here comes the blind commissioner .
they 've got him in a trance .
one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker .
the other is in his pants .
and the riot squad , they 're restless .
they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight from desolation row .
cinderella , she seems so easy .
"it takes one to know one , " she smiles and puts her hands in her back pocket bette davis-style .
and in comes romeo , he 's moaning .
"you belong to me , i believe . "
and someone says , "you're in the wrong place , my friend .
you 'd better leave . "
and the only sound that 's left after the ambulances go is cinderella sweeping up on desolation row .
now , the moon is almost hidden .
the stars are beginning to hide .
the fortune-telling lady has even taken all her things inside .
all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame , everybody is making love or else expecting rain .
and the good samaritan , he 's dressing .
he 's getting ready for the show .
he 's going to the carnival tonight on desolation row .
ophelia , she 's beneath the window .
for her i feel so afraid .
on her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid .
to her death is quite romantic .
she wears an iron vest .
her profession 's her religion .
her sin is her lifelessness .
and , though her eyes are fixed upon noah 's great rainbow , she spends her time peeking into desolation row .
einstein , disguised as robin hood , with his memories in a trunk , passed this way an hour ago with his friend , a jealous monk .
now , he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette .
then he went off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet .
you would not think to look at him , but he was famous long ago for playing the electric violin on desolation row .
dr . filth , he keeps his world inside of a leather cup , but all his sexless patients , they are trying to blow it up .
now , his nurse , some local loser , she 's in charge of the cyanide hole and she also keeps the cards that read "have mercy on his soul" .
they all play on the penny-whistle .
you can hear them blow if you lean your head out far enough from desolation row .
across the street they 've nailed the curtains .
they 're getting ready for the feast , the phantom of the opera in a perfect image of a priest .
they 're spoon-feeding casanova to get him to feel more assured .
then they 'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words .
and the phantom 's shouting to skinny girls , "get outta here if you do n't know .
casanova is just being punished for going to desolation row ! "
at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do .
then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene is brought down from the castles by insurance-men who go check to see that nobody is escaping to desolation row .
praise be to nero 's neptune .
the titanic sails at dawn .
everybody 's shouting , " which side are you on ? "
and ezra pound and t .s . eliot fighting in the captaing . tower while calypso-singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers between the windows of the sea , where lovely mermaids flow , and nobody has to think too much about desolation row .
yes , i received your letter yesterday about the time the door knob broke .
when you asked me how i was doing , was that some kind of joke ?
all these people that you mention , yes , i know them .
they 're quite lame .
i had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name .
right now i ca n't read too good .
do n't send me no more letters , no , not unless you mail them from desolation row .

# john wesley harding

john wesley harding was a friend to the poor .
he traveled with a gun in every hand .
all along this countryside he opened many a door , but he was never known to hurt an honest man .
'twas down in chaynee county a time they talk about , with his lady by his side he took a stand and soon the situation there was all but straightened out for he was always known to lend a helping hand .
all across the telegraph his name , it did resound , but no charge held against him could they prove and there was no man around who could track or chain him down .
he was never known to make a foolish move .

#as i went out one morning

as i went out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine 's , i spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains .
i offered her my hand .
she took me by the arm .
i knew that very instant she meant to do me harm .
"depart from me this moment , " i told her with my voice .
said she , " but i do n't wish to . "
said i , " but you have no choice . "
"i beg you , sir , " she pleaded from the corners of her mouth .
"i will secretly accept you and together we 'll fly south . "
just then tom paine himself came running from across the field , shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield .
and , as she was letting go her grip , up tom paine did run .
"i 'm sorry , sir , " he said to me .
"i 'm sorry for what she 's done . "

#i dreamed i saw st . augustine

i dreamed i saw saint augustine alive as you or me , tearing through these quarters in the utmost misery with a blanket underneath his arm and a coat of solid gold , searching for the very souls whom already have been sold .
"arise , arise ! " he cried so loud with a voice without restraint .
" come out , ye gifted kings and queens , and hear my sad complaint !
no martyr is among ye now whom you can call your own .
but , go on your way accordingly , but know you 're not alone . "
i dreamed i saw saint augustine alive with fiery breath and i dreamed i was amongst the ones that put him out to death .
oh , i awoke in anger , so alone and terrified .
i put my fingers against the glass and bowed my head and cried .

#all along the watchtower

" there must be some way out of here , " said the joker to the thief .
" there 's too much confusion .
i ca n't get no relief .
businessmen , they drink my wine .
plowmen dig my earth .
none of them along the line know what any of it is worth . "
" no reason to get excited , " the thief , he kindly spoke .
" there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke , but you and i , we 've been through that and this is not our fate , so let us not talk falsely now .
the hour is getting late . "
all along the watchtower princes kept the view while all the women came and went , barefoot servants , too .
outside in the distance a wildcat did growl .
two riders were approaching .
the wind began to howl .

# the ballad of frankie lee and judas priest

well , frankie lee and judas priest , they were the best of friends .
so , when frankie lee needed money one day , judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens and placed them on a footstool just above the plotted plain , saying , "take your pick , frankie boy .
my loss will be your gain . "
well , frankie lee , he sat right down and put his fingers to his chin , but with the cold eyes of judas on him his head began to spin .
" could you please not stare at me like that , " he said .
"it 's just my foolish pride , but sometimes a man must be alone and this is no place to hide . "
well , judas , he just winked and said , "alright , i 'll leave you here , but you 'd better hurry up and choose which of those bills you want before they all disappear . "
"i 'm going to start my picking right now .
just tell me where you 'll be . "
judas pointed down the road and said , "eternity . "
"eternity ? " said frankie lee with a voice as cold as ice .
" that 's right , " said judas , "eternity , though you might call it paradise . "
"i do n't call it anything , " said frankie lee with a smile .
"alright , " said judas priest , "i'll see you after a while . "
well , frankie lee , he sat back down , feeling low and mean when just then a passing stranger burst upon the scene , saying , "are you frankie lee , the gambler , whose father is deceased ?
well , if you are , there 's a fellow calling you down the road and they say his name is priest . "
"oh , yes , he is my friend , " said frankie lee in fright .
"i do recall him very well .
in fact he just left my sight . "
"yes , that 's the one , " said the stranger as quiet as a mouse .
"well , my message is he 's down the road , stranded in a house . "
well , frankie lee , he panicked , he dropped everything and ran until he came up to the spot where judas priest did stand .
"what kind of house is this , " he said , "where i have come to roam ? "
"it 's not a house , " says judas priest .
"it 's not a house .
it 's a home . "
well , frankie lee , he trembled .
he soon lost all control over everything which he had made while the mission-bells did toll .
he just stood there staring at that big house as bright as any sun with four-and-twenty windows and a woman 's face in every one .
well , up the stairs ran frankie lee with a soulful , bounding leap and , foaming at the mouth , he began to make his midnight creep.
for sixteen nights and days he raved , but on the seventeenth he burst into the arms of judas priest , which is where he died of thirst .
no one tried to say a thing when they carried him out in jest , except of course the little neighbor-boy who carried him to rest and he just walked along alone with his guilt so well-concealed and muttered underneath his breath , "nothing is revealed . "
well , the moral of the story , the moral of this song is simply that one should never be where one does not belong .
so , when you see your neighbor carrying something , help him with his load and do n't go mistaking paradise for that home across the road .

#drifter 's escape

"oh , help me in my weakness , " i heard the drifter say as they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away .
"my trip has n't been a pleasant one and my time , it is n't long and i still do not know what it was that i 've done wrong . "
well , the judge , he cast his robe aside .
a tear came to his eye .
"you 'd fail to understand , " he said .
"why must you even try ? "
outside the crowd was stirring .
you could hear it from the door .
inside the judge was stepping down while the jury cried for more .
"oh , stop that cursed jury ! " cried the attendant and the nurse .
" the trial was bad enough , but this is ten times worse . "
just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape and , while everybody knelt to pray , the drifter did escape .

#dear landlord

dear landlord , please do n't put a price on my soul .
my burden is heavy .
my dreams are beyond control .
when that steamboat whistle blows , i 'm going to give you all i got to give and i do hope you receive it well , depending on the way you feel that you live .
dear landlord , please heed these words that i speak .
i know you 've suffered much , but in this you are not so unique .
all of us at times , we might work too hard to have it too fast and too much and anyone can fill his life up with things he can see but he just cannot touch .
dear landlord , please do n't dismiss my case .
i 'm not about to argue .
i 'm not about to move to no other place .
now , each of us has his own special gift and you know this was meant to be true and , if you do n't underestimate me , i wo n't underestimate you .

#i am a lonesome hobo

i am a lonesome hobo without family or friends .
where another man 's life might begin , that 's exactly where mine ends .
i have tried my hand at bribery , blackmail , and deceit and i 've served time for everything except begging on the street .
well , once i was rather prosperous .
there was nothing i did lack .
i had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back , but i did not trust my brother .
i carried him to blame , which led me to my fatal doom , to wander off in shame .
kind ladies and kind gentlemen , soon i will be gone , but let me just warn you all before i do pass on .
stay free from petty jealousies .
live by no man 's code .
and hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road .

#i pity the poor immigrant

i pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would 've stayed home , who uses all his power to do evil , but in the end is always left so alone , that man whom with his fingers cheats and whom lies with every breath , who passionately hates his life and likewise fears his death .
i pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain , whose heaven is like ironside 's , whose tears are like rain , who eats , but is not satisfied , who hears , but does not see , who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me .
i pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud , who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood , whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass .
i pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass .

# the wicked messenger

there was a wicked messenger .
from eli he did come with a mind that multiplied the smallest matter .
when questioned who had sent for him he answered with his thumb for his tongue , it could not speak but only flatter .
he stayed behind the assembly hall .
it was there he made his bed .
oftentimes he could be seen returning until one day he just appeared with a note in his hand , which read , " the soles of my feet , i swear they 're burning . "
oh , the leaves began to falling and the seas began to part and the people that confronted him were many .
and he was told but these few words , which opened up his heart .
"if ye cannot bring good news , then do n't bring any . "

#down along the cove

down along the cove i spied my true love coming my way .
down along the cove i spied my true love coming my way .
i said , "lord , have mercy , mama , it sure is good to see you coming today ! "
down along the cove i spied my little bundle of joy .
down along the cove i spied my little bundle of joy .
she said , "lord , have mercy , honey , i 'm so glad you 're my boy ! "
down along the cove we walk together hand in hand .
down along the cove we walk together hand in hand .
everybody watching us go by knows we 're in love .
yes , they understand .

# i 'll be your baby tonight

close your eyes .
close the door .
you do n't have to worry anymore .
i 'll be your baby tonight .
shut the light .
shut the shade .
you do n't have to be afraid .
i 'll be your baby tonight .
well , that mockingbird 's going to sail away .
we 're going to forget it .
that big , fat moon is going to shine like a spoon , but we 're going to let it .
you wo n't regret it .
kick your shoes off .
do not fear .
bring that bottle over here .
i 'll be your baby tonight .

#i threw it all away

i once held her in my arms .
she said she would always stay .
but i was cruel .
i treated her like a fool .
i threw it all away .
once i had mountains in the palm of my hand and rivers that ran through every day .
i must 've been mad .
i never knew what i had until i threw it all away .
love is all there is .
it makes the world go around , love and only love .
it ca n't be denied .
no matter what you think about it , you just wo n't be able to do without it .
take a tip from one who 's tried .
so , if you find someone who gives you all of her love , take it to your heart .
do n't let it stray for one thing for certain , you will surely be hurting if you throw it all away .

#peggy day

peggy day stole my poor heart away .
by golly , what more can i say ?
love to spend the night with peggy day .
peggy night makes my future look so bright .
man , that girl is out of sight .
love to spend the day with peggy night .
well , you know , even before i learned her name , you know , i loved her just the same .
and i tell them all wherever i may go just so they 'll know that she 's my little lady and i love her so .
peggy day stole my poor heart away , turned my skies to blue from gray .
love to spend the night with peggy day .
peggy day stole my poor heart away .
by golly , what more can i say ?
love to spend the night with peggy day .
love to spend the night with peggy day .

#lay lady lay

lay , lady , lay , lay across my big brass bed .
lay , lady , lay , lay across my big brass bed .
whatever colors you have in your mind , i 'll show them to you and you 'll see them shine .
lay , lady , lay , lay across my big brass bed .
stay , lady , stay , stay with your man awhile .
until the break of day let me see you make him smile .
his clothes are dirty , but his , his hands are clean and you 're the best thing that he 's ever seen .
stay , lady , stay , stay with your man awhile .
why wait any longer for the world to begin ?
you can have your cake and eat it too .
why wait any longer for the one you love when he 's standing in front of you ?
lay , lady , lay , lay across my big brass bed .
stay , lady , stay , stay while the night is still ahead .
i long to see you in the morning light .
i long to reach for you in the night .
stay , lady , stay , stay while the night is still ahead .

#one more night

one more night the stars are in sight , but tonight i 'm as lonesome as can be .
oh , the moon is shining bright , lighting everything in sight , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me .
oh , it 's shameful and it 's sad .
i lost the only pal i had .
i just could not be what she wanted me to be .
i will turn my head up high to that dark and rolling sky for tonight no moonlight will shine on me .
i was so mistaken when i thought that she 'd be true .
i had no idea what a woman in love would do .
one more night i will wait for the light while the wind blows high above the tree .
oh , i miss my darling so .
i did n't mean to see her go , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me .
one more night the moon is shining bright and the wind blows high above the tree .
oh , i miss that woman so .
i did n't mean to see her go , but tonight no moonlight will shine on me .

#tell me that it is n't true

i have heard rumors all over town .
they say that you 're planning to put me down .
all i 'd like you to do is tell me that it is n't true .
they say that you 've been seen with some other man , that he 's tall , dark , and handsome and you 're holding his hand .
darling , i 'm counting on you .
tell me that it is n't true .
to know that some other man is holding you tight , it hurts me all over .
it does n't seem right .
all of these awful things that i have heard , i do n't want to believe them .
all i want is your word .
so , darling , you better come through .
tell me that it is n't true .
all of these awful things that i have heard , i do n't want to believe them .
all i want is your word .
so , darling , i 'm counting on you .
tell me that it is n't true .

#country pie

just like old saxophone joe when he 's got the hogshead up on his toe , oh me , oh my , love that country pie !
listen to the fiddler play when he 's playing till the break of day .
oh me , oh my , love that country pie !
raspberry , strawberry , lemon , and lime .
what do i care ?
blueberry , apple , cherry , pumpkin , and plum .
call me for dinner .
honey , i 'll be there .
saddle me up my big , white goose .
tie me on her and turn her loose .
oh me , oh my , love that country pie !
i do n't need much .
that be not no lie .
be not running any race .
give to me my country pie , i wo n't throw it up in anybody 's face .
shake me up that old peach tree .
little jack horner got nothing on me .
oh me , oh my , love that country pie !

#tonight i 'll be staying here with you

throw my ticket out the window .
throw my suitcase out there , too .
throw my troubles out the door .
i do n't need them anymore because tonight i 'll be staying here with you .
i should have left this town this morning , but it was more than i could do .
oh , your love comes on so strong and i 've waited all day long for tonight when i 'll be staying here with you .
is it really any wonder , the love that a stranger might receive ?
you cast your spell and i went under .
i find it so difficult to leave .
i can hear that whistle blowing .
i see that stationmaster , too .
if there 's a poor boy on the street , then let him have my seat because tonight i 'll be staying here with you .
throw my ticket out the window .
throw my suitcase out there , too .
throw my troubles out the door .
i do n't need them anymore because tonight i 'll be staying here with you .

#if not for you

if not for you , babe , i could n't find the door , could n't even see the floor .
i 'd be sad and blue if not for you .
if not for you , babe , i 'd lay awake all night , wait for the morning light to shine in through .
but it would not be new if not for you .
if not for you , my sky would fall , rain would gather , too .
without your love i 'd be nowhere at all .
i 'd be lost if not for you and you know it 's true .
if not for you , my sky would fall , rain would gather , too .
without your love i 'd be nowhere at all .
oh , what would i do if not for you ?
if not for you winter would have no spring , i could n't hear the robin sing , i just would n't have a clue .
anyway , it would n't ring true if not for you , if not for you , if not for you , if not for you , if not for you .

#day of the locusts

oh , the benches were stained with tears and perspiration .
the birdies were flying from tree to tree .
there was little to say .
there was no conversation as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree and the locusts sang off in the distance .
yeah , the locusts sang such a sweet melody .
oh , the locusts sang off in the distance .
yeah , the locusts sang and they were singing for me .
i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking .
darkness was everywhere .
it smelled like a tomb .
i was ready to leave .
i was already walking , but the next time i looked there was light in the room and the locusts sang .
yeah , it give me a chill .
oh , the locusts sang such a sweet melody .
oh , the locusts sang that high , whining trill .
yeah , the locusts sang and they were singing for me .
outside of the gates the trucks were unloading .
the weather was hot , nearly ninety degrees .
the man standing next to me , his head was exploding .
well , i was praying the pieces would n't fall on me !
yeah , and the locusts sang off in the distance .
yeah , the locusts sang such a sweet melody .
oh , the locusts sang off in the distance .
and the locusts sang and they were singing for me .
i put down my robe .
i picked up my diploma , took a hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive straight for the hills , the black hills of dakota .
sure was glad to get out of there alive !
and the locusts sang .
well , it give me a chill .
yeah , the locusts sang such a sweet melody .
and the locusts sang with that high , whining trill .
yeah , the locusts sang and they were singing for me , singing for me , well , singing for me .

#time passes slowly

time passes slowly up here in the mountains .
we set beside bridges and walk beside fountains , catch the wild fishes that float through the stream .
time passes slowly when you 're lost in a dream .
once i had a sweetheart .
she was fine and good looking .
we sat in her kitchen while her mama was cooking , staring out the window to the stars high above .
time passes slow when you 're searching for love .
aing . no reason to go in a wagon to town .
aing . no reason to go to the fair .
aing . no reason to go up .
be not no reason to go down .
aing . no reason to go anywhere .
time passes slowly up here in the daylight , stares straight ahead and tries so hard to stay right .
like the red rose of summer that blooms in the day time passes slowly and fades away .

#went to see the gypsy

i went to see the gypsy staying in a big hotel .
he smiled when he saw me coming and he said , "well , well , well . "
his room was dark and crowded .
lights were low and dim .
"how are you ? " he said to me .
i said it back to him .
i went down to the lobby to make a small call out .
a pretty , dancing girl was there and she began to shout , "go on back to see the gypsy !
he can move you from the rear , drive you from your fear , bring you through the mirror .
he did it in las vegas and he can do it here ! "
outside the lights were shining on the river of tears .
i watched them from the distance with the music in my ears .
i went back to see the gypsy .
it was nearly early dawn .
the gypsy 's door was open wide , but the gypsy was gone .
and that pretty , dancing girl , she could not be found , so i watched that sun come rising from the little minnesota town , from the little minnesota town .

#winterlude

winterlude , winterlude , oh , darling , winterlude by the road tonight .
tonight there will be no quarreling .
everything is going to be alright .
oh , i see by the angel beside me that love has a reason to shine .
you 're the one i adore , come over here and give me more .
winterlude , this dude thinks you 're fine .
winterlude , winterlude , my little apple , winterlude by the corn in the field .
winterlude , let 's go down to the chapel .
then come back and cook up a meal .
well , come out when the skating rink glistens by the sun near the old crossroads sign .
the snow is so cold , but our love can be bold .
winterlude , this dude thinks you 're fine .
winterlude , winterlude , my little daisy , winterlude by the telephone wire .
winterlude , it 's making me lazy .
come on , sit by the logs in the fire .
the moonlight reflects from the window , where the snowflakes , they cover the sand .
come out tonight .
everything 'll be tight .
winterlude , this dude thinks you 're grand .

#if dogs run free

if dogs run free , why not we across the swooping plain ?
my ears hear a symphony of two mules , trains , and rain .
the best is always yet to come .
that 's what they explain to me .
just do your thing , you 'll be king if dogs run free .
if dogs run free , why not me across the swamp of time ?
my mind weaves a symphony and tapestry of rhyme .
oh , winds , which rush my tale to thee , so it may flow and be , to each his own .
it 's all unknown if dogs run free .
if dogs run free , then what must be must be and that is all .
true love can make a blade of grass stand up straight and tall .
in harmony with the cosmic sea , true love needs no company .
it can cure the soul .
it can make it whole if dogs run free .

#new morning

ca n't you hear that rooster crowing ?
rabbit running down across the road , underneath the bridge where the water flowed through .
so happy just to see you smile underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you .
ca n't you hear that motor turning ?
automobile coming into style , coming down the road for a country mile or two .
so happy just to see you smile underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you .
the night passed away so quickly .
it always does when you 're with me .
ca n't you feel that sun shining ?
groundhog running by the country stream .
this must be the day that all of my dreams come true .
so happy just to be alive underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you .
so happy just to be alive underneath the sky of blue on this new morning , new morning , on this new morning with you .
new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning , new morning .

#sign on the window

sign on a window says "lonely " .
sign on a door said " no company allowed " .
sign on a street says "you do n't own me" .
sign on a porch says " three 's a crowd " .
sign on a porch says that " three 's a crowd " .
her and her boyfriend went to california .
her and her boyfriend done changed their tune .
my best friend said , "now , did n't i warn you ?
brighton girls are like the moon .
brighton girls are like the moon . "
looks like nothing but rain .
sure going to be wet tonight on main street .
hope that it do n't sleet .
build me a cabin in utah .
marry me a wife .
catch rainbow trout .
have a bunch of kids who call me "pa" .
that must be what it 's all about .
that must be what it 's all about .

#one more weekend

slipping and sliding like a weasel on the run , i 'm looking good to see you , yeah , and we can have some fun .
one more weekend , one more weekend with you .
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do .
come on down to my ship , honey .
ride on deck ,
we 'll fly it over the ocean just like you suspect .
one more weekend , one more weekend with you .
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do .
we 'll fly the night away , hang out the whole next day .
things will be ok .
you wait and see .
we 'll go someplace unknown , leave all the children home .
honey , why not go alone , just you and me ?
coming and going like a rabbit in the wood , i 'm happy just to see you , yeah , looking so good .
one more weekend , one more weekend with you .
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do .
yes , you will !
like a needle in a haystack , i 'm going to find you yet .
you 're the sweetest , gone mama that this boy 's ever going to get .
one more weekend , one more weekend with you .
one more weekend , one more weekend 'll do .

# the man in me

the man in me will do nearly any task and as for compensation there 's little he would ask .
take a woman like you to get through to the man in me .
storm clouds are raging all around my door .
i think to myself i might not take it anymore .
take a woman like your kind to find the man in me .
but , oh , what a wonderful feeling just to know that you are near .
it sets my heart reeling from my toes up to my ears .
the man in me will hide sometimes to keep from being seen , but that 's just because he does n't want to turn into some machine .
take a woman like you to get through to the man in me .

#three angels

three angels up above the street , each one playing a horn , dressed in green robes with wings that stick out .
they 've been there since christmas morn .
the wildest cat from montana passes by in a flash , then a lady in a bright orange dress , one u-haul trailer , a truck with no wheels , the tenth avenue bus going west .
the dogs and pigeons fly up and they flutter around .
a man with a badge skips by .
three fellas crawling on their way back to work .
nobody stops to ask why .
the bakery truck stops outside of that fence where the angels stand high on the poles .
the driver peeks out , trying to find one face in this concrete world full of souls .
the angels play on their horns all day .
the whole earth in progression seems to pass by .
but does anyone hear the music they play ?
does anyone even try ?

#father of night

father of night , father of day , father who taketh the darkness away , father who teacheth the bird to fly , builder of rainbows up in the sky , father of loneliness and pain , father of love and father of rain .
father of day , father of night , father of black , father of white , father who build the mountain so high , who shapeth the cloud up in the sky , father of time and father of dreams , father who turneth the rivers and streams .
father of grain , father of wheat , father of cold and father of heat , father of air and father of trees , who dwells in our hearts and our memories , father of minutes , father of days , father of whom we most solemnly praise .

#billy 1

there 's guns across the river aiming at you , lawman on your trail , he 'd like to catch you , bounty hunters too , they 'd like to get you .
billy , they do n't like you to be so free .
camping out all night on the veranda , dealing cards till dawn in the hacienda , up to boot hill they 'd like to send you .
billy , do n't you turn your back on me .
playing around with some sweet seorita , into her dark hall where she will lead you , to the shadows of the mesa she will greet you .
billy , you 're so far away from home .

#knocking on heaven 's door

mama , take this badge off of me .
i ca n't use it anymore .
it 's getting dark , too dark to see .
i feel i 'm knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door .
mama , put my guns in the ground .
i ca n't shoot them anymore .
that long , black cloud is coming down .
i feel i 'm knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door , knock knock knocking on heaven 's door .

#billy 4

there 's guns across the river about to pound you .
there 's a lawman on your trail like to surround you .
bounty hunters are dancing all around you .
billy , they do n't like you to be so free .
camping out all night on the veranda , walking the streets down by the hacienda , up to boot hill they 'd like to send you .
billy , do n't you turn your back on me .
there 's mirrors inside the minds of crazy faces , bullet-holes and rifles in their cases .
there 's always one more notch in four more aces , billy , and you 're playing all alone .
playing around with some sweet seorita , into her dark chamber she will greet you , in the shadows of the mesa she will lead you , billy , and you 're going all alone .
they say that pat garrett 's got your number , so sleep with one eye open when you wonder if every little sound just might be thunder , thunder from the barrel of his gun .
there 's always another stranger sneaking glances , some trigger-happy fool willing to take chances , some old whore from san pedro 'll make advances , advances on your spirit and your soul .
the businessmen from taos want you to go down , so they 've hired mr . garrett .
he 'll force you to slow down .
billy , do n't it make you feel so low-down to be hunted by the man who was your friend ?
so , hang on to your woman if you 've got one .
remember in el paso once you shot one ?
i 'll be in santa fe about one .
billy , you been running for so long .
gypsy queens will play your grand finale way down in some tularosa alley , maybe in la rio pecas valley .
billy , you 're so far away from home .
billy , you 're so far away from home .
billy , you 're so far away from home .

#billy 7

spend the night with some sweet seorita , into her dark hall where she will lead you , in some lonesome shadow she might greet you .
billy , you 're so doggone far away from home .
they say that pat garrett 's got your number .
sleep with one eye open when you slumber .
every little sound just might be thunder , thunder from the barrel of his gun .
maybe you will find yourself tomorrow drinking in some bar to hide your sorrow , spending the time that you borrowed , figuring a way to get back home .

#on a night like this

on a night like this i 'm so glad you came around .
hold on to me so tight and heat up some coffee grounds .
we got much to talk about and much to reminisce .
it sure is right on a night like this .
on a night like this i 'm so glad you 're here to stay .
hold on to me , pretty miss , and say you 'll never go away to stray .
run your fingers down my spine and bring me a touch of bliss .
it sure feels right on a night like this .
on a night like this i ca n't get any sleep.
the air is so cold outside and the snow 's so deep .
build a fire , throw on logs , and listen to it hiss .
and let it burn , burn , burn , burn on a night like this .
put your body next to mine and keep me company .
there is plenty of room for all , so please do n't elbow me .
let the four winds blow around this old cabin door .
if i 'm not too far off , i think we did this once before .
there 's more frost on the window glass with each new , tender kiss , but it sure feels right on a night like this .

#going , going , gone

i 've just reached a place where the willow do n't bend .
there 's not much more to be said .
it 's the top of the end .
i 'm going .
i 'm going .
i 'm gone .
i 'm closing the book on the pages and the text and i do n't really care , ooh , what happens next .
i 'm just going .
i 'm going .
i 'm gone .
i been hanging on the threads .
i been playing it straight .
now i 've just got to cut loose before it gets late .
so i 'm going .
i 'm going .
i 'm gone .
grandma said , "boy , go and follow your heart and you 'll be fine at the end of the line .
all that 's gold does n't shine .
do n't you and your one true love ever part . "
i been walking the road .
i 've been living on the edge .
now i 've just got to go before i get to the ledge .
so i 'm going .
i 'm just going .
i 'm gone .

#tough mama

tough mama , meat shaking on your bone .
i 'm going to go down to the river and get some stone .
sister 's on the highway with that steel-driving crew .
papa 's in the big house .
his working days are through ,
tough mama , can i blow a little smoke on you ?
dark beauty , wo n't you move over and give me some room ?
it 's my duty to bring you down to the field where the flowers bloom .
ashes in the furnace .
dust on the rise .
you came through it all the way , flying through the skies , dark beauty , with that long night 's journey in your eyes .
sweet goddess , born of a blinding light and a changing wind .
now , do n't be modest .
you know who you are and where you been .
jack the cowboy went up north .
he 's buried in the past .
lone wolf went out drinking .
that was over pretty fast .
sweet goddess , your perfect stranger 's coming on in at last .
silver angel , with the badge of the lonesome road written in your sleeve , i 'd be grateful if this golden ring you 'd receive .
today on the countryside it was hotter than a crotch .
i stood alone upon the ridge and all i did was watch .
sweet goddess , must be time to carve another notch .
i 'm crestfallen , a world of illusions at my door .
i be not hauling any of my lambs to the marketplace anymore .
prison walls are crumbling down .
there is no end in sight .
i 've gained some recognition , but i lost my appetite .
sweet beauty , meet me at the border late tonight .

#hazel

hazel , dirty-blonde hair , i would n't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere .
you got something i want plenty of , ooh , a little touch of your love .
hazel , stardust in your eye , you 're going somewhere and so am i .
i 'd give you the sky high above , ooh , for the touch of your love .
oh , no , i do n't need any reminder to know how much i really care .
but it 's just making me blinder and blinder because i 'm up on a hill and still you 're not there .
hazel , you called and i came .
now , do n't make me play this waiting game .
you got something i want plenty of , ooh , a little touch of your love .

#something there is about you

something there is about you that strikes a match in me .
is it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free ?
or is it because you remind me of something that used to be , something that 's crossed over from another century ?
thought i 'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth , rainy days on the great lakes , walking the hills of old duluth .
there was me and danny lopez , cold eyes , black nights , and then there was ruth .
something there is about you that brings back a long-forgotten truth .
suddenly i found you and the spirit in me sings .
do n't have to look no further .
you 're the soul of many things .
i could say that i 'd be faithful .
i could say it in one sweet , easy breath , but to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death .
something there is about you that moves with style and grace .
i was in a whirlwind .
now i 'm in some better place .
my hand 's on the saber and you 've picked up on the baton .
something there is about you that i ca n't quite put my finger on .

#forever young

may god bless and keep you always .
may your wishes all come true .
may you always do for others and let others do for you .
may you build a ladder to the stars and climb on every rung .
may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young .
may you stay forever young .
may you grow up to be righteous .
may you grow up to be true .
may you always know the truth and see the light surrounding you .
may you always be courageous , stand upright and be strong .
and may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young .
may you stay forever young .
may your hands always be busy .
may your feet always be swift .
may you have a strong foundation when the winds of changes shift .
may your heart always be joyful .
may your song always be sung .
and may you stay forever young , forever young , forever young .
may you stay forever young .

#dirge

i hate myself for loving you and the weakness that it showed .
you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road .
the stage was set .
the lights went out all around the old hotel .
i hate myself for loving you and i 'm glad the curtain fell .
i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed and the mercy that you showed to me .
who ever would have guessed ?
i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within , that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin .
heard your songs of freedom and man , forever stripped , acting out his folly while his back is being whipped .
like a slave in orbit , he 's beaten till he 's tame .
all for a moment 's glory and it 's a dirty , rotten shame .
there are those who worship loneliness .
i 'm not one of them .
in this age of fiberglass i 'm searching for a gem .
the crystal ball upon the wall has n't shown me nothing yet .
i 've paid the price of solitude , but at least i 'm out of debt .
i ca n't recall a useful thing you ever did for me , except pat me on the back one time when i was on my knee .
we stared into each other 's eyes till one of us would break .
no use to apologize .
what difference would it make ?
so , sing your praise of progress and of the doom-machine .
the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen .
lady luck , who shines on me , will tell you where i 'm at .
i hate myself for loving you , but i should get over that .

#you angel you

you angel , you , you got me under your wing .
the way you walk and the way you talk i feel i could almost sing .
you angel , you , you 're as fine as anything 's fine .
i just walk and watch you talk with your memory on my mind .
and , though i ca n't sleep at night for trying , yes , i never did feel this way before , never did get up and walk the floor .
if this is love , then give me more and more and more and more and more .
you angel , you , you 're as fine as can be .
the way you walk and the way you talk is the way it ought to be .
and , though i ca n't sleep at night for trying , never did feel this way before , never did get up and walk the floor .
if this is love , then give me more and more and more and more .
you angel , you , you got me under your wing .
the way you walk and the way you talk , i swear , it would make me sing .

#never say goodbye

twilight on the frozen lake , a north wind about to break on footprints in the snow and silence down below .
you 're beautiful beyond words .
you 're beautiful to me .
you could make me cry .
never say goodbye because my dreams are made of iron and steel with a big bouquet of the roses hanging down from the heavens to the ground .
the crashing waves roll over me as i stand upon the sand and wait for you to come and grab hold of my hand .
oh , baby , baby , baby blue , you 'll change your last name too .
you 've turned your hair to brown .
love to see it hanging down .

#wedding song

i love you more than ever , more than time and more than love .
i love you more than money and more than the stars above .
love you more than madness , more than dreams upon the sea .
i love you more than life itself .
you mean that much to me .
ever since you walked right in , the circle 's been complete .
i say goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street , to the courtyards of the jester , which is hidden from the sun .
i love you more than ever and i have n't yet begun .
you breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live .
when i was deep in poverty , you taught me how to give , dried the tears up from my dreams , and pulled me
from the hole .
i love you more than ever and it burns me to the soul .
you gave me babies , one , two , three .
what is more ?
you saved my life .
eye for eye and tooth for tooth , your love cuts like a knife .
my thoughts of you do n't ever rest .
they 'd kill me if i lie .
but i 'd sacrifice the world for you to watch my senses die .
the tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth , we 'll play it out the best we know , whatever it is worth .
what 's lost is lost .
we ca n't regain what went down in the flood , but happiness to me is you and i love you more than blood .
it 's never been my duty to remake the world at large nor is it my intentions to sound a battle charge because i love you more than all of that with a love that does n't bend and , if there is eternity , i 'll love you there again .
oh , ca n't you see that you were born to stand by my side and i was born to be with you , you were born to be my bride ?
you 're the other half of what i am .
you 're the missing piece and i love you more than ever with that love that does n't cease .
you turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see .
just being next to you is a natural thing for me and i could never let you go , no matter what goes on because i love you more than ever now that the past is gone .

#blowing in the wind

how many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man ?
how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand ?
yes , and how many times must the cannon balls fly before they 're forever banned ?
the answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind .
the answer is blowing in the wind .
yes , and how many years can a mountain exist before it is washed to the sea ?
yes , and how many years can some people exist before they 're allowed to be free ?
yes , and how many times can a man turn his head and pretend that he just does n't see ?
the answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind .
the answer is blowing in the wind .
yes , and how many times must a man look up before he can see the sky ?
yes , and how many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry ?
yes , and how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died ?
the answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind .
the answer is blowing in the wind .

#girl from the north country

if you 're traveling in the north country fair , where the winds hit heavy on the borderline , remember me to the one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine .
if you go when the snowflakes storm , when the rivers freeze and summer ends , please see she has a coat so warm to keep her from the howling winds .
please see if her hair hangs long , if it rolls and flows all down her breast .
please see for me if her hair 's hanging long for that 's the way i remember her best .
i 'm wondering if she remembers me at all .
many times i 've often prayed in the darkness of my night , in the brightness of my day .
so , if you 're traveling in the north country fair , where the winds hit heavy on the borderline , remember me to the one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine .

#masters of war

come , you masters of war , you that build the big guns , you that build the death-planes , you that build all the bombs , you that hide behind walls , you that hide behind desks .
i just want you to know i can see through your masks .
you that never done nothing but build to destroy , you play with my world like it 's your little toy .
you put a gun in my hand and you hide from my eyes and you turn and run farther when the fast bullets fly .
like judas of old , you lie and deceive .
a world war can be won you want me to believe .
but i see through your eyes and i see through your brain like i see through the water that runs down my drain .
you fasten all the triggers for the others to fire .
then you set back and watch when the death-count gets higher and you hide in your mansion while the young people 's blood flows out of their bodies and is buried in the mud .
you 've thrown the worst fear that can ever be hurled , fear to bring children into the world .
for threatening my baby , unborn and unnamed , you be not worth the blood that runs in your veins .
how much do i know to talk out of turn ?
you might say that i 'm young .
you might say i 'm unlearned .
but there 's one thing i know though i 'm younger than you . that even jesus would never forgive what you do .
let me ask you one question .
is your money that good ?
will it buy you forgiveness ?
do you think that it could ?
i think you will find , when your death takes its toll , all the money you made will never buy back your soul .
and i hope that you die .
and your death will come soon .
i 'll follow your casket on the pale afternoon and i 'll watch while you 're lowered down to your deathbed and i 'll stand over your grave till i 'm sure that you 're dead .

#down the highway

well , i 'm walking down the highway with my suitcase in my hand .
yes , i 'm walking down the highway with my suitcase in my hand .
lord , i really miss my baby .
she 's in some foreign land .
well , your streets are getting empty .
lord , your highway 's getting filled .
and your streets are getting empty .
and your highway 's getting filled .
well , the way i love that woman , i swear it 's bound to get me killed .
well , i been gambling so long .
lord , i be not got much more to lose .
yes , i been gambling so long .
lord , i be not got much more to lose .
right now i 'm having trouble .
please do n't take away my highway shoes .
well , i 'm bound to get lucky , baby , or i 'm bound to die trying .
yes , i 'm bound to get lucky , baby .
lord , lord , i 'm bound to die trying .
well , meet me in the middle of the ocean and we 'll leave this old highway behind .
well , the ocean took my baby .
my baby stole my heart from me .
yes , the ocean took my baby .
my baby took my heart from me .
she packed it all up in a suitcase .
lord , she took it away to italy , italy .
so , i 'm walking down your highway just as far as my poor eyes can see .
yes , i 'm walking down your highway just as far as my eyes can see , from the golden gate bridge all the way to the statue of liberty .

#bob dylan 's blues

well , the lone ranger and tonto were riding down the line , fixing everybody 's troubles , everybody 's except mine .
someone must 've told them that i was doing fine .
oh , you five- and ten-cent women with nothing in your heads , i got a real gal i 'm loving .
lord , i 'll love her till i 'm dead .
go away from my door and my window too right now .
lord , i be not going down to no racetrack , see no sports car run .
i do n't have no sports car and i do n't even care to have one .
i can walk anytime around the block .
well , the wind keeps blowing me up and down the street with my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet .
watch out , so you do n't step on me .
well , look it here , buddy .
you want to be like me ?
pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see .
tell the judge i said it was alright , yeah !

# a hard rain 's a-going to fall

oh , where have you been , my blue-eyed son ?
and where have you been , my darling young one ?
i 've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains .
i 've walked and i 've crawled on six crooked highways .
i 've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests .
i 've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans .
i 've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
oh , what did you see , my blue-eyed son ?
and what did you see , my darling young one ?
i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it .
i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it .
i saw a black branch with blood that kept dripping .
i saw a room full of men with their hammers bleeding .
i saw a white ladder all covered with water .
i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken .
i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
what did you hear , my blue-eyed son ?
and what did you hear , my darling young one ?
i heard the sound of a thunder that roared out a warning .
i heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world .
i heard one hundred drummers whose hands were blazing .
i heard ten thousand whispering and nobody listening .
i heard one person starve .
i heard many people laughing .
i heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter .
i heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
oh , what did you meet , my blue-eyed son ?
and who did you meet , my darling young one ?
i met a young child beside a dead pony .
i met a white man who walked a black dog .
i met a young woman whose body was burning .
i met a young girl .
she gave me a rainbow .
i met one man who was wounded in love .
i met another man who was wounded in hatred .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
and what 'll you do now , my blue-eyed son ?
and what 'll you do now , my darling young one ?
i 'm going back out before the rain starts falling .
i 'll walk to the depths of the deepest , dark forest , where the people are many and their hands are all empty , where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters , where the home in the valley meets the damp , dirty prison and the executioner 's face is always well hidden , where hunger is ugly , where the souls are forgotten , where black is the color , where none is the number .
and i 'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain , so all souls can see it .
and i 'll stand on the ocean until i start sinking , but i 'll know my song well before i start singing .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .

#do n't think twice , it 's alright

well , it be not no use to sit and wonder why , babe , if you do n't know by now .
and it be not no use to sit and wonder why , babe .
it 'll never do , somehow .
when your rooster crows at the break of dawn , look out your window and i 'll be gone .
you 're the reason i 'm traveling on , but do n't think twice .
it 's alright .
and it be not no use in turning on your light , babe , the light i never knowed .
and it be not no use in turning on your light , babe .
i 'm on the dark side of the road .
but i wish there was something you would do or say to try and make me change my mind and stay , but we never did too much talking anyway .
but do n't think twice .
it 's alright .
so , it be not no use in calling out my name , gal , like you never done before .
and it be not no use in calling out my name , gal .
i ca n't hear you anymore .
i 'm thinking and wondering , walking down the road .
i once loved a woman , a child , i am told .
i give her my heart , but she wanted my soul .
but do n't think twice .
it 's alright .
so long , honey babe .
where i 'm bound i ca n't tell .
goodbye 's too good a word , babe , so i 'll just say , "fare thee well . "
i be not saying you treated me unkind .
you could 've done better , but i do n't mind .
you just kind of wasted my precious time , but do n't think twice .
it 's alright .

#bob dylan 's dream

while riding on a train going west , i fell asleep for to take my rest .
i dreamed a dream that made me sad , concerning myself and the first few friends i had .
with half-damp eyes i stared to the room , where my friends and i spent many an afternoon , where we together weathered many a storm , laughing and singing till the early hours of the morn .
by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung , our words was told , our songs was sung , where we longed for nothing and were satisfied , joking and talking about the world outside .
with hungry hearts through the heat and cold , we never much thought we could get very old .
we thought we could sit forever in fun .
our chances really was a million to one .
as easy it was to tell black from white , it was all that easy to tell wrong from right .
and our choices , they was few , so the thought never hit that the one road we traveled would ever shatter or split .
how many a year has passed and gone , many a gamble has been lost and won , and many a road taken by many a first friend and each one i 've never seen again ?
i wish , i wish , i wish in vain that we could sit simply in that room again .
ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat , i 'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that .

#oxford town

oxford town , oxford town , everybody 's got their heads bowed down .
sun do n't shine above the ground .
aing . going down to oxford town .
he went down to oxford town .
guns and clubs followed him down all because his face was brown .
better get away from oxford town .
oxford town around the bend .
come to the door , he could n't get in all because of the color of his skin .
what do you think about that , my friend ?
me and my gal , my gal 's son , we got met with a tear-gas bomb .
i do n't even know why we come .
going back where we come from .
oxford town in the afternoon , wverybody singing a sorrowful tune .
two men died beneath the mississippi moon .
somebody better investigate soon .

#corrina , corrina

corrina , corrina , gal , where you been so long ?
corrina , corrina , gal , where you been so long ?
i been worrying about you , baby .
baby , please come home .
i got a bird that whistles .
i got a bird that sings .
i got a bird that whistles .
i got a bird that sings .
but i be not got corrina .
life do n't mean a thing .
corrina , corrina , gal , you 're on my mind .
corrina , corrina , gal , you 're on my mind .
i was sitting down , thinking of you .
i just ca n't keep from crying .

#talking wwiii blues

one time ago a crazy dream came to me .
i dreamt i was walking in world war iii .
went to the doctor the very next day to see what kind of words he could say .
said it was a bad dream .
"i would n't worry about it none , though .
them old dreams are only in your head . "
i said , "hold it , doc.
a world war passed through my brain . "
he said , "nurse , get your pad .
the boy 's insane . "
he grabbed my arm .
i said "ouch ! " as i landed on the psychiatric couch .
he said , "tell me about it . "
"well , the whole thing started at three o'clock fast .
it was all over by a quarter past .
i was down in the sewer with some little lover when i peeked out from a manhole cover , wondering who turned the lights on us .
"well , i got up and i walked around , up and down the lonesome town .
i stood wondering which way to go .
i lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road .
it was a normal day .
"well , i rung the fallout shelter bell and i leaned my head and i give a yell .
'give me a string bean .
i 'm a hungry man ! '
shotgun fired and away i ran .
i do n't blame him too much , though .
he did n't know me .
"down the corner by the hot-dog stand , i seen a man .
i said , 'howdy , friend .
i guess it 's just us two . '
he screamed a bit and away he flew .
thought i was a communist .
"well , i spied me a girl and , before she could leave , i said , 'let 's go and play adam and eve . '
took her by the hand and my heart was thumping .
she said , 'hey , man , you crazy or something ?
you seen what happened last time they started . '
"well , i seen your cadillac window uptown .
there was nobody around .
i got into the driver 's seat and i drove down forty-second street in my cadillac.
good car to drive after a war .
"well , i remember seeing some ad , so i turned on my conelrad , but i did n't pay the con ed bill , so the radio did n't work so well .
turned on my record player .
it was rock-a-day johnny singing , 'tell your ma , tell your pa , our loves are going to grow , ooh-wah , ooh-wah . '
"i was feeling kind of lonesome and blue .
i needed somebody to talk to .
so i called up the operator of time just to hear a voice of some kind .
'when you hear the beep , it will be three o'clock ' .
she said that for over an hour and i hung up . "
well , the doctor interrupted me just about then , saying , "hey , i 've been having the same old dreams , but mine was a little different , you see .
i dreamt the only person left after the war was me .
i did n't see you around . "
well , now , time passed and now it seems everybody 's having them dreams .
everybody sees hisself walking around with no one else .
"half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time , but all the people ca n't be all right all of the time " .
i think abraham lincoln said that .
"i'll let you be in my dream if i can be in yours " .
i said that .

#honey , just allow me one more chance

honey , just allow me one more chance to get along with you .
honey , just allow me one more chance .
i 'll do anything for you .
well , i 'm walking down the road with my head in my hand .
i 'm looking for a woman needs a worried man .
just a one kind favor i ask of you .
allow me just one more chance .
honey , just allow me one more chance to ride your aeroplane .
honey , just allow me one more chance to ride your passenger train .
well , i 've been looking all over for a girl like you .
i ca n't find nobody , so you 'll have to do .
just a one kind favor i ask of you .
allow me just one more chance .
honey , just allow me one more chance to get along with you .
honey , just allow me one more chance .
i 'll do anything for you .
well , looking for a woman that be not got no man is just looking for a needle that 's lost in the sand .
just a one kind favor i ask of you .
allow me just one more chance .

#i shall be free

well , i took me a woman late last night .
i was three-fourths drunk .
she looked alright till she started peeling off her onion gook .
she took off her wig , said , "how do i look ? "
i 's high-flying , bare-naked , out the window !
well , sometimes i might get drunk , walk like a duck , and smell like a skunk .
do n't hurt me none , it do n't hurt my pride because i got my little lady right by my side .
she 's trying to hide , pretending she do n't know me !
i 's out there painting on the old woodshed when a can of black paint did fell on my head .
i went down to scrub and rub , but i had to sit in back of the tub .
cost a quarter , half price .
well , my telephone rang .
it would not stop .
it 's president kennedy calling me up .
he said , "my friend , bob , what do we need to make the country grow ? "
i said , "my friend , john , brigitte bardot , anita ekberg , sophia loren .
country 'll grow . "
well , i got a woman , five feet short .
she yells and hollers and screams and snorts .
she tickles my nose , pats me on the head , rolls me over , and kicks me out of bed .
she 's a man-eater , meat-grinder , bad loser .
oh , there be not no use in me working all the time .
i got a woman who works herself blind .
works up to her britches , up to her neck , writes me letters , and sends me checks .
she 's a humdinger , folksinger .
late one day in the middle of the week , my eyes were closed .
i was half asleep.
i chased me a woman up the hill right in the middle of an air-raid drill .
i jumped a fallout shelter !
i jumped a string bean !
i jumped a tv dinner !
i jumped a shotgun !
now , the man on the stand , he wants my vote .
he 's running for office on the ballot note .
he 's out there preaching in front of the steeple , telling me he loves all kinds of people .
he 's eating bagels .
he 's eating pizza .
he 's eating chitlins .
oh , set me down on a television floor , i 'll flip the channel to number four .
out of the shower comes a football man with a bottle of oil in his hand , greasy kid stuff .
what i want to know , mr . football man , is what do you do about willy mays , martin luther king , olatunji ?
well , the funniest woman i ever seen was the great-granddaughter of mr . clean .
she takes about fifteen baths a day ,
wants me to grow a must 'veche on my face .
she 's insane !
well , ask me why i 'm drunk all the time .
levels my head and eases my mind .
i just walk along and stroll and sing .
i see better days and i do better things .
i catch dinosaurs !
make love to elizabeth taylor !
catch hell from richard burton !

# the times they are a-changin'

come gather around , people , wherever you roam and admit that the waters around you have grown and accept it , that soon you 'll be drenched to the bone .
if your time to you is worth saving , then you better start swimming or you 'll sink like a stone for the times , they are changing .
come , writers and critics , who prophesize with your pen , and keep your eyes wide .
the chance wo n't come again .
and do n't speak too soon for the wheel 's still in spin and there 's no telling who that it 's naming for the loser now will be later to win for the times , they are changing .
come , senators , congressmen , please heed the call .
do n't stand in the doorway , do n't block up the hall for he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled .
the battle outside , raging , will soon shake your windows and rattle your walls for the times , they are changing .
come , mothers and fathers throughout the land , and do n't criticize what you ca n't understand .
your sons and your daughters are beyond your command .
your old road is rapidly aging .
please get out of the new one if you ca n't lend your hand for the times , they are changing .
the line , it is drawn .
the curse , it is cast .
the slow one now will later be fast as the present now will later be past .
the order is rapidly fading and the first one now will later be last for the times , they are changing .

#ballad of hollis brown

hollis brown , he lived on the outside of town .
hollis brown , he lived on the outside of town with his wife and five children and his cabin broken down .
you looked for work and money and you walked a ragged mile .
you looked for work and money and you walked a ragged mile .
your children are so hungry that they do n't know how to smile .
your baby 's eyes look crazy .
they 're tugging at your sleeve .
your baby 's eyes look crazy .
they 're tugging at your sleeve .
you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe .
the rats have got your flour .
bad blood , it got your mare .
the rats have got your flour .
bad blood , it got your mare .
if there 's anyone that knows , is there anyone that cares ?
you prayed to the lord above , oh , please send you a friend .
you prayed to the lord above , oh , please send you a friend .
your empty pockets tell you that you be not got no friend .
your babies 're crying louder now .
it 's pounding on your brain .
your babies 're crying louder now .
it 's pounding on your brain .
your wife 's screams 're stabbing you like the dirty , driving rain .
your grass is turning black .
there 's no water in your well .
your grass is turning black .
there 's no water in your well .
you spent your last , lone dollar on seven shotgun shells .
way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls .
way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls .
your eyes fix on the shotgun that 's hanging on the wall .
your brain is bleeding and your legs ca n't seem to stand .
your brain is bleeding and your legs ca n't seem to stand .
your eyes fix on the shotgun that you 're holding in your hand .
there 's seven breezes blowing all around the cabin door .
there 's seven breezes blowing all around the cabin door .
seven shots ring out like the ocean 's pounding roar .
there 's seven people dead on a south dakota farm .
there 's seven people dead on a south dakota farm .
somewheres in the distance there 's seven new people born .

# with god on our side

oh , my name , it be not nothing .
my age , it means less .
the country i come from is called the midwest .
i 's taught and brought up there the laws to abide and that the land that i live in has god on its side .
oh , the history books tell it .
they tell it so well .
the cavalries charged .
the indians fell .
the cavalries charged .
the indians died .
oh , the country was young with god on its side .
the spanish-american war had its day and the civil war , too , was soon laid away and the names of the heroes i 's made to memorize with guns in their hands and god on their side .
the first world war , boys , it came and it went .
the reason for fighting i never did get , but i learned to accept it , accept it with pride for you do n't count the dead when god 's on your side .
the second world war came to an end .
we forgave the germans and then we were friends .
though they murdered six million , in the ovens they fried , the germans now , too , have god on their side .
i 've learned to hate the russians all through my whole life .
if another war comes it 's them we must fight , to hate them and fear them , to run and to hide , and accept it all bravely with god on my side .
but now we got weapons of chemical dust .
if fire them we 're forced to , then fire them we must .
one push of the button and a shot the world wide and you never ask questions when god 's on your side .
through many a dark hour i 've been thinking about this , that jesus christ was betrayed by a kiss , but i ca n't think for you .
you 'll have to decide whether judas iscariot had god on his side .
so now , as i 'm leaving , i 'm weary as hell .
the confusion i 'm feeling be not no tongue can tell .
the words fill my head and fall to the floor , that , if god 's on our side , he 'll stop the next war .

#one too many mornings

down the street the dogs are barking and the day is getting dark .
as the night comes in falling , the dogs 'll lose their bark and the silent night will shatter from the sounds inside my mind .
yes , i 'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind .
from the crossroads of my doorstep my eyes start to fade and i turn my head back to the room where my love and i have laid and i gaze back to the street , the sidewalk , and the sign and i 'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind .
it 's a restless , hungry feeling that do n't mean no one no good when everything i 'm saying you can say it just as good .
you 're right from your side .
i 'm right from mine .
we 're both just one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind .

#north country blues

come gather around , friends , and i 'll tell you a tale of when the red iron ore pits run plenty .
but the cardboard-filled windows and old men on the benches tell you now that the whole town is empty .
in the north end of town , my own children're grown , but i was raised on the other .
in the wee hours of youth , my mother took sick and i was brought up by my brother .
the iron ore poured as the years passed the door .
the drag lines and the shovels , they was humming till one day my brother failed to come home , the same as my father before him .
well , the long winter 's wait from the window i watched .
my friends , they could n't 've been kinder .
and my schooling was cut as i quit in the spring to marry john thomas , a miner .
oh , the years passed again and the giving was good with the lunch bucket filled every season .
what with three babies born , the work was cut down to a half a day 's shift with no reason .
then the shaft was soon shut and more work was cut and the fire in the air , it felt frozen till a man come to speak and he said in one week that number eleven was closing .
they complained in the east they are paying too high .
they say that your ore be not worth digging , that it 's much cheaper down in the south american towns , where the miners work almost for nothing .
so , the mining gates locked and the red iron rotted and the room smelled heavy from drinking when the sad , silent song made the hour twice as long as i waited for the sun to go sinking .
i lived by the window as he talked to himself .
this silence of tongues , it was building till one morning 's wake the bed , it was bare and i 's left alone with three children .
the summer is gone .
the ground 's turning cold .
the stores one by one , they 're folding .
my children will go as soon as they grow .
well , there be not nothing here now to hold them .

#only a pawn in their game

a bullet from the back of a bush took medgar evers 's blood .
a finger fired the trigger to his name .
a handle hid out in the dark .
a hand set the spark .
two eyes took the aim behind a man 's brain , but he ca n't be blamed .
he 's only a pawn in their game .
a south politician preaches to the poor white man , "you got more than the blacks .
do n't complain ! "
you 're better than them .
you been born with white skin , they explain .
and the negro 's name is used , it is plain , for the politician 's gain as he rises to fame and the poor white remains on the caboose of the train , but it be not him to blame .
he 's only a pawn in their game .
the deputy sheriffs , the soldiers , the governors get paid and the marshals and cops get the same , but the poor white man 's used in the hands of them all like a tool .
he 's taught in his school from the start by the rule that the laws are with him , to protect his white skin , to keep up his hate , so he never thinks straight about the shape that he 's in , but it be not him to blame .
he 's only a pawn in their game .
from the poverty shacks he looks from the cracks to the tracks and the hoof-beats pound in his brain and he 's taught how to walk in a pack , shoot in the back with his fist in a clinch , to hang and to lynch , to hide beneath a hood , to kill with no pain like a dog on a chain .
he be not got no name , but it be not him to blame .
he 's only a pawn in their game .
today medgar evers was buried from the bullet he caught .
they lowered him down as a king .
but , when the shadowy sun sets on the one that fired the gun , he 'll see by his grave on the stone that remains , carved next to his name his epitaph plain , "only a pawn in their game . "

#boots of spanish leather

"oh , i 'm sailing away , my own true love .
i 'm sailing away in the morning .
is there something i can send you from across the sea from the place that i 'll be landing ? "
"no , there 's nothing you can send me , my own true love .
there 's nothing i 'm wishing to be owning .
just carry yourself back to me unspoiled from across that lonesome ocean . "
" ah , but i just thought you might want something fine , made of silver or of golden , either from the mountains of madrid or from the coast of barcelona . "
"well , if i had the stars of the darkest night and the diamonds from the deepest ocean , i 'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss for that 's all i 'm wishing to be owning . "
" that i might be gone a long , old time and it 's only that i 'm asking , is there something i can send you to remember me by to make your time more easy passing ? "
"oh , how can , how can you ask me again ?
it only brings me sorrow .
the same thing i would want today i would want again tomorrow . "
oh , i got a letter on a lonesome day .
it was from her ship sailing , saying , "i do n't know when i 'll be coming back again .
it depends on how i 'm feeling . "
"if you , my love , must think that way , i 'm sure your mind is roaming .
i 'm sure your thoughts are not with me , but with the country to where you 're going .
" so , take heed , take heed of the western winds .
take heed of the stormy weather .
and , yes , there 's something you can send back to me , spanish boots of spanish leather . "

# when the ship comes in

oh , the time will come up when the winds will stop and the breeze will cease to be breathing , like the stillness in the wind before the hurricane begins , the hour that the ship comes in .
and the sea will split and the ships will hit and the sands on the shoreline will be shaking .
and the tide will sound and the waves will pound and the morning will be breaking .
the fishes will laugh as they swim out of the path and the seagulls , they 'll be smiling .
and the rocks on the sand will proudly stand , the hour that the ship comes in .
and the words that are used for to get the ship confused will not be understood as they 're spoken for the chains of the sea will have busted in the night and be buried on the bottom of the ocean .
a song will lift as the mainsail shifts and the boat drifts onto the shoreline .
and the sun will respect every face on the deck , the hour that the ship comes in .
and the sands will roll out a carpet of gold for your weary toes to be touching .
and the ship 's wise men will remind you once again that the whole , wide world is watching .
oh , the foes will rise with the sleep still in their eyes and they 'll jerk from their beds and think they 're dreaming , but they 'll pinch themselves and squeal and they 'll know that it 's for real , the hour when the ship comes in .
and they 'll raise their hands , saying , "we 'll meet all your demands . "
but we 'll shout from the bow , "your days are numbered . "
and like pharaoh 's tribe they 'll be drownded in the tide and like goliath they 'll be conquered .

# the lonesome death of hattie carroll

william zantzinger killed poor hattie carroll with a cane that he twirled around his diamond ring finger at a baltimore hotel society gathering and the cops was called in and his weapon took from him as they rode him in custody down to the station and booked william zantzinger for first-degree murder .
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears , take the rag away from your face .
now be not the time for your tears .
william zantzinger , who at twenty-four years owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres , with rich , wealthy parents who provide and protect him and high-office relations in the politics of maryland , reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders and swear-words and sneering and his tongue , it was snarling and in a matter of minutes on bail was out walking .
but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fears , take the rag away from your face .
now be not the time for your tears .
hattie carroll was a maid in the kitchen .
she was fifty-one years old and gave birth to ten children , who carried the dishes and took out the garbage and never sat once at the head of the table and did n't even talk to the people at the table , who just cleaned up all the food from the table and emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level , got killed by a blow , lay slain by a cane that sailed through the air and came down through the room , doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle , and she never done nothing to william zantzinger .
and , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears , take the rag away from your face .
now be not the time for your tears .
in the courtroom of honor the judge pounded his gavel to show that all 's equal and that the courts are on the level and that the strings in the books be not pulled and persuaded and that even the nobles get properly handled once that the cops have chased after and caught them and that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom , stared at the person who killed for no reason , who just happened to be feeling that way without warning , and he spoke through his cloak , most deep and distinguished , and handed out strongly for penalty and repentance william zantzinger with a six-month sentence .
ah , but , you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears , bury the rag deep in your face for now 's the time for your tears .

#restless farewell

oh , all the money that in my whole life i did spend , be it mine right or wrongfully , i let it slip gladly to my friends to tie up the time most forcefully .
but the bottles are done , we 've killed each one , and the table 's full and overflowed , and the corner sign says it 's closing time , so i 'll bid farewell and be down the road .
oh , every girl that ever i 've touched , i did not do it harmfully and every girl that ever i 've hurt , i did not do it knowingly .
but to remain as friends you need the time to make amends and stay behind and , since my feet are now fast and point away from the past , i 'll bid farewell and be down the line .
oh , every foe that ever i faced , the cause was there before we came and every cause that ever i fought , i fought it full without regret or shame .
but the dark does die as the curtain is drawn and somebody 's eyes must meet the dawn and , if i see the day , i 'd only have to stay , so i 'll bid farewell in the night and be gone .
oh , every thought that 's strung a knot in my mind , i might go insane if it could n't be sprung , but it 's not to stand naked under unknowing eyes , it 's for myself and my friends my stories are sung .
but the time be not tall , yet on time you depend , and no word is possessed by no special friend and , though the line is cut , it be not quite the end .
i 'll just bid farewell till we meet again .
oh , a false clock tries to tick out my time , to disgrace , distract , and bother me and the dirt of gossip blows into my face and the dust of rumors covers me .
but , if the arrow is straight and the point is slick , it can pierce through dust no matter how thick , so i 'll make my stand and remain as i am and bid farewell and not give a damn .
