#like a rolling stone

once upon a time you dressed so fine , threw the bums a dime in your prime , did n't you ?
people 'd call , say , "beware , doll , you 're bound to fall" .
you thought they were all kidding you .
you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out .
now you do n't talk so loud .
now you do n't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal .
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be without a home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , you gone to the finest school , alright , ms . lonely , but you know you only used to get juiced in it .
nobody 's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you 're going to have to get used to it .
you said you 'd never compromise with the mystery tramp , but now you realize he 's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say , "do you want to make a deal ? "
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you .
you never understood that it be not no good .
you should n't let other people get your kicks for you .
you used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat , who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat .
aing . it hard when you discover that he really was n't where it 's at after he took from you everything he could steal ?
how does it feel ?
how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?
oh , princess on the steeple and all the pretty people , they 're all drinking , thinking that they got it made , exchanging all precious gifts , but you 'd better take your diamond ring , you 'd better pawn it , babe .
you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used .
go to him now .
he calls you .
you ca n't refuse .
when you be not got nothing , you got nothing to lose .
you 're invisible now .
you got no secrets to conceal .
how does it feel ?
oh , how does it feel to be on your own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone ?

