#visions of johanna

aing . it just like the night to play tricks when you 're trying to be so quiet ?
we all sit here stranded , though we 're all doing our best to deny it .
and louise holds a handful of rain , tempting you to defy it .
lights flicker from the opposite loft .
in this room the heat-pipes just cough .
the country music station plays soft , but there 's nothing , really nothing to turn off .
just louise and her lover so entwined and these visions of johanna that conquer my mind .
in the empty lot where the ladies play blindman 's bluff with the keychain and the all-night girls , they whisper of escapades out on the d-train , we can hear the night-watchman click his flashlight , ask himself if it 's him or them that 's insane .
louise , she 's alright .
she 's just near .
she 's delicate and seems like the mirror , but she just makes it all too concise and too clear that johanna 's not here .
the ghost of electricity howls in the bones of her face , where these visions of johanna have now taken my place .
now , little boy lost , he takes himself so seriously .
he brags of his misery .
he likes to live dangerously and , when bringing her name up , he speaks of a farewell-kiss to me .
he 's sure got a lot of gall to be so useless and all , muttering small talk at the wall while i 'm in the hall .
oh , how can i explain ?
it 's so hard to get on and these visions of johanna , they kept me up past the dawn .
inside the museums infinity goes up on trial .
voices echo , " this is what salvation must be like after a while . "
but mona lisa must 've had the highway blues .
you can tell by the way she smiles .
see the primitive wallflower freeze when the jelly-faced women all sneeze .
hear the one with the must 'veche say , "jeez , i ca n't find my knees . "
oh , jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule , but these visions of johanna , they make it all seem so cruel .
the peddler now speaks to the countess who 's pretending to care for him , saying , "name me someone that 's not a parasite and i 'll go out and say a prayer for him . "
but , like louise always says , "you ca n't look at much , can you , man ? " as she herself prepares for him ,
and madonna , she still has not showed .
we see this empty cage now corrode , where her cape of the stage once had flowed .
the fiddler , he now steps to the road .
he writes "everything 's been returned which was owed " on the back of the fish truck that loads while my conscience explodes .
the harmonicas play the skeleton keys in the rain and these visions of johanna are now all that remain .

