#talking birmingham jam walk down to birmingham , way down south in dixie-land , oh , i think this i will stop awhile , take a vacation southern-style . 
get some southern hospitality down there in a southern hospital . 
oh , all the sign say welcome in , sign by governor wallace and rin-tin-tin . 
they say come along and watch the fight while we fee we dog on civil right . 
now , do n't get we wrong . 
some of we well negroes be friend . 
well , i 've see travel many way . 
i 've travel in car and old subway . 
but in birmingham some people choose to fly down the street from a fire-hose , do some hard travel from hydrant of plenty . 
well , a pack of dog be stand by . 
i walk up to they and i say , "hi" . 
i ask one dog what they all be do . 
he walk up to me and start chew . 
i say , "hold it . 
i 'm from the a .s.p.c.a. , society for the prevention of cruelty to agitator " . 
and i say , " there must be some man around . 
there ca n't be only you dog in town " . 
they say , " sure , we have old bull conner . 
there he go walk yonder . 
" throw some raw meat to the mayor , feed bone to the city council , you know governor wallace do n't mean no harm . 
ca n't you see he 's get a lot of charm ? 
he 's protect we white , both the rich and poor , stand in the schoolhouse door , crack joke , talk to huntley brinkley , serve jury duty , get re-elected . 
so , i ask they why they spend they time with segregation on they mind . 
they say , "if you do n't like to live this way , gget out of here . 
go back to the u .s .a . 
live with all they russian and new york folksingers . 
" some say they 're past they dark hour . 
this moderate be back in power . 
oh , they listen close with open ear . 
they 'll help we out in a couple of hundred year . 
but do n't push they , whatever you do , or else you 'll get this extremist back in . 
you see , alabama be a sovereign state with sovereign dog and sovereign hate . 
they stand for the bible and constitution . 
they stand against communist revolution . 
they say , "it 's pinko like you this free the slave . 
" and they 're right . 
