#ballad of a thin man

you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand .
you see somebody naked and you , you say , " who is that man ? "
you try so hard , but you do n't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you raise up your head and you ask , "is this where it is ? "
and somebody points to you and says , "it 's his . "
and you say , "what 's mine ? "
and somebody else says , "where what is ? "
and you say , "oh , my god , am i here all alone ? "
but something is happening and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek , who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says , "how does it feel to be such a freak ? "
and you say , "impossible ! " as he hands you a bone .
and something is happening here , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination .
but nobody has any respect .
anyway , they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations .
oh , you been with the professors and they 've all liked your looks .
with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks .
you been through all of f . scott fitzgerald 's books .
you 're very well-read .
it 's well-known .
but something is happening here and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
well , the sword swallower , he comes up to you and then he kneels .
he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice he asks you how it feels and he says , "here is your throat back .
thanks for the loan . "
and you know something is happening , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
now , you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word now and you say , " for what reason ? "
and he says , "how ? "
and you say , "what does this mean ? "
and he screams back , "you're a cow !
give me some milk or else go home ! "
and you know something 's happening , but you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?
well , you walk into the room like a camel and then you frown .
you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground .
there ought to be a law against you coming around .
you should be made to wear earphones because something is happening and you do n't know what it is , do you , mr . jones ?

