# the ballad of frankie lee and judas priest

well , frankie lee and judas priest , they were the best of friends .
so , when frankie lee needed money one day , judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens and placed them on a footstool just above the plotted plain , saying , "take your pick , frankie boy .
my loss will be your gain . "
well , frankie lee , he sat right down and put his fingers to his chin , but with the cold eyes of judas on him his head began to spin .
" could you please not stare at me like that , " he said .
"it 's just my foolish pride , but sometimes a man must be alone and this is no place to hide . "
well , judas , he just winked and said , "alright , i 'll leave you here , but you 'd better hurry up and choose which of those bills you want before they all disappear . "
"i 'm going to start my picking right now .
just tell me where you 'll be . "
judas pointed down the road and said , "eternity . "
"eternity ? " said frankie lee with a voice as cold as ice .
" that 's right , " said judas , "eternity , though you might call it paradise . "
"i do n't call it anything , " said frankie lee with a smile .
"alright , " said judas priest , "i'll see you after a while . "
well , frankie lee , he sat back down , feeling low and mean when just then a passing stranger burst upon the scene , saying , "are you frankie lee , the gambler , whose father is deceased ?
well , if you are , there 's a fellow calling you down the road and they say his name is priest . "
"oh , yes , he is my friend , " said frankie lee in fright .
"i do recall him very well .
in fact he just left my sight . "
"yes , that 's the one , " said the stranger as quiet as a mouse .
"well , my message is he 's down the road , stranded in a house . "
well , frankie lee , he panicked , he dropped everything and ran until he came up to the spot where judas priest did stand .
"what kind of house is this , " he said , "where i have come to roam ? "
"it 's not a house , " says judas priest .
"it 's not a house .
it 's a home . "
well , frankie lee , he trembled .
he soon lost all control over everything which he had made while the mission-bells did toll .
he just stood there staring at that big house as bright as any sun with four-and-twenty windows and a woman 's face in every one .
well , up the stairs ran frankie lee with a soulful , bounding leap and , foaming at the mouth , he began to make his midnight creep.
for sixteen nights and days he raved , but on the seventeenth he burst into the arms of judas priest , which is where he died of thirst .
no one tried to say a thing when they carried him out in jest , except of course the little neighbor-boy who carried him to rest and he just walked along alone with his guilt so well-concealed and muttered underneath his breath , "nothing is revealed . "
well , the moral of the story , the moral of this song is simply that one should never be where one does not belong .
so , when you see your neighbor carrying something , help him with his load and do n't go mistaking paradise for that home across the road .

