#last call

last call , he was sick of it all , asleep at home .
told you off and goodbye .
well , you know one day it 'll come to haunt you , that you did n't tell him quite the truth .
you 're a crisis .
you 're a icicle .
you 're a tongueless talker .
you do n't care what you say .
you 're a jaywalker and you just just walk away and that 's all you do .
the clap of the fading-out sound of your shoes made him wonder who he thought that he knew .
last call , he was sick of it all .
the endless stream of reminders made him so sick of you , sick of you , sick of you , sick of your sound , sick of you coming around trying to crawl under my skin when i already shed my best defense .
it comes out all around that you won and i think i 'm all done .
you can switch me off safely while i 'm lying here waiting for sleep to overtake me .
yeah , yeah , you 're still here , but just check to make sure .
all you aspired to do was endure .
you ca n't ask for more , ask for none , knowing you 'll never get that which you ask for , so you cast your shadow everywhere like the man in the moon .
you start to drink .
you just want to continue .
it 'll all be yesteryear soon .
you start to drink .
you just want to continue .
it 'll all be yesteryear soon .
church bells and now i 'm awake and i guess it must be some kind of holiday .
i ca n't be seen to join in the celebration , but i 'll go to the service and i 'll go to pray and i 'll sing the praises of my maker 's name like i was as good as she made me and i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me ,
i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me , i wanted her to tell me that she would never wake me .
i 'm lying here waiting for sleep to overtake me .

