#that 's what i want to hear

oh , you tell me that your last good dollar is gone and you say that your pockets are bare .
and you tell me that your clothes are tattered and torn and nobody seems to care .
now , do n't tell me your troubles .
no , i do n't have the time to spare .
but , if you want to get together and fight , good buddy , that 's what i want to hear .
and you tell me that your job was taken away by a big old greasy machine .
and you tell me that you do n't collect no more pay and your belly is growing lean .
now , if i had the jobs to give , you know i 'd give them all away .
but do n't waste your breath calling out my name if you do n't have nothing to say .
and you tell me that you do n't have nothing to do and you keep on wasting your time .
and you say when you want to get your family some food , you got to stand in a relief line .
now , it 's a sin and a bloody shame about the way they 're pushing you around , but , when you decide not to take no more , you know i 'll put my money down because i 've seen your kind many times before and i 'll see them many times again .
oh , but every bad thing that 's happened to you has happened to better men , so do n't explain that you 've lost your way , that you 've got no place to go .
you 've got a hand and a voice and you 're not alone .
brother , that 's all you need to know .
and , if you 're still wondering what i 'm trying to say , let me tell you what it 's all about .
now , nobody listens to a single man when he 's walking around down and out , so , if you 're looking for an answer , he 's standing there by your side and you 'll never really know how far you 'll go till you join together and try .
so , you tell me that your last good dollar is gone and you say that your pockets are bare .
and you tell me that your clothes are tattered and torn and nobody seems to care .
now , do n't tell me your troubles .
no , i do n't have the time to spare .
but , if you want to get together and fight , good buddy , that 's what i want to hear .


