# a hard rain 's a-going to fall

oh , where have you been , my blue-eyed son ?
and where have you been , my darling young one ?
i 've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains .
i 've walked and i 've crawled on six crooked highways .
i 've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests .
i 've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans .
i 've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
oh , what did you see , my blue-eyed son ?
and what did you see , my darling young one ?
i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it .
i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it .
i saw a black branch with blood that kept dripping .
i saw a room full of men with their hammers bleeding .
i saw a white ladder all covered with water .
i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken .
i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
what did you hear , my blue-eyed son ?
and what did you hear , my darling young one ?
i heard the sound of a thunder that roared out a warning .
i heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world .
i heard one hundred drummers whose hands were blazing .
i heard ten thousand whispering and nobody listening .
i heard one person starve .
i heard many people laughing .
i heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter .
i heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
oh , what did you meet , my blue-eyed son ?
and who did you meet , my darling young one ?
i met a young child beside a dead pony .
i met a white man who walked a black dog .
i met a young woman whose body was burning .
i met a young girl .
she gave me a rainbow .
i met one man who was wounded in love .
i met another man who was wounded in hatred .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .
and what 'll you do now , my blue-eyed son ?
and what 'll you do now , my darling young one ?
i 'm going back out before the rain starts falling .
i 'll walk to the depths of the deepest , dark forest , where the people are many and their hands are all empty , where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters , where the home in the valley meets the damp , dirty prison and the executioner 's face is always well hidden , where hunger is ugly , where the souls are forgotten , where black is the color , where none is the number .
and i 'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain , so all souls can see it .
and i 'll stand on the ocean until i start sinking , but i 'll know my song well before i start singing .
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's going to fall .

