#idiot wind

someone 's got it in for me .
they 're planting stories in the press .
whoever it is , i wish they 'd cut it out quick , but when they will i can only guess .
they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy .
she inherited a million bucks and , when she died , it came to me .
i ca n't help it if i 'm lucky .
people see me all the time and they just ca n't remember how to act .
their minds are filled with big ideas , images , and distorted facts .
even you , yesterday , you had to ask me where it was at .
i could n't believe after all these years you did n't know me any better than that , sweet lady .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth , blowing down the backroads , heading south .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
i ran into the fortune-teller , who said beware of lightning that might strike .
i have n't known peace and quiet for so long i ca n't remember what it 's like .
there 's a lone soldier on the cross , smoke pouring out of a boxcar door .
you did n't know it .
you did n't think it could be done .
in the final end he won the war after losing every battle .
i woke up on the roadside , daydreaming about the way things sometimes are .
visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are making me see stars .
you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies .
one day you 'll be in the ditch , flies buzzing around your eyes , blood on your saddle .
idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb , blowing through the curtains in your room .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart .
you tamed the lion in my cage , but it just was n't enough to change my heart .
now everything 's a little upside down .
as a matter of fact , the wheels have stopped .
what 's good is bad .
what 's bad is good .
you find out , when you reach the top , you 're on the bottom .
i noticed at the ceremony your corrupt ways had finally made you blind .
i ca n't remember your face anymore .
your mouth has changed .
your eyes do n't look into mine .
the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building burned .
i waited for you on the running boards near the cypress tree while the springtime turned slowly into autumn .
idiot wind blowing like a circle around my skull , from the grand coulee dam to the capitol .
idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth .
you 're an idiot , babe .
it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe .
i ca n't feel you anymore .
i ca n't even touch the books you 've read .
every time i crawl past your door , i been wishing i 've been somebody else instead .
down the highway , down the tracks , down the road to ecstasy , i followed you beneath the stars , hounded by your memory and all your raging glory .
i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i 'm finally free .
i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me .
you 'll never know the hurt i 've suffered , nor the pain i 'd rise above and i 'll never know the same about you , your holiness , or your kind of love , and it makes me feel so sorry .
idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coat , blowing through the letters that we wrote .
idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves .
we 're idiots , babe .
it 's a wonder we can even feed ourselves .

