#talking wwiii blues

one time ago a crazy dream came to me .
i dreamt i was walking in world war iii .
went to the doctor the very next day to see what kind of words he could say .
said it was a bad dream .
"i would n't worry about it none , though .
them old dreams are only in your head . "
i said , "hold it , doc.
a world war passed through my brain . "
he said , "nurse , get your pad .
the boy 's insane . "
he grabbed my arm .
i said "ouch ! " as i landed on the psychiatric couch .
he said , "tell me about it . "
"well , the whole thing started at three o'clock fast .
it was all over by a quarter past .
i was down in the sewer with some little lover when i peeked out from a manhole cover , wondering who turned the lights on us .
"well , i got up and i walked around , up and down the lonesome town .
i stood wondering which way to go .
i lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road .
it was a normal day .
"well , i rung the fallout shelter bell and i leaned my head and i give a yell .
'give me a string bean .
i 'm a hungry man ! '
shotgun fired and away i ran .
i do n't blame him too much , though .
he did n't know me .
"down the corner by the hot-dog stand , i seen a man .
i said , 'howdy , friend .
i guess it 's just us two . '
he screamed a bit and away he flew .
thought i was a communist .
"well , i spied me a girl and , before she could leave , i said , 'let 's go and play adam and eve . '
took her by the hand and my heart was thumping .
she said , 'hey , man , you crazy or something ?
you seen what happened last time they started . '
"well , i seen your cadillac window uptown .
there was nobody around .
i got into the driver 's seat and i drove down forty-second street in my cadillac.
good car to drive after a war .
"well , i remember seeing some ad , so i turned on my conelrad , but i did n't pay the con ed bill , so the radio did n't work so well .
turned on my record player .
it was rock-a-day johnny singing , 'tell your ma , tell your pa , our loves are going to grow , ooh-wah , ooh-wah . '
"i was feeling kind of lonesome and blue .
i needed somebody to talk to .
so i called up the operator of time just to hear a voice of some kind .
'when you hear the beep , it will be three o'clock ' .
she said that for over an hour and i hung up . "
well , the doctor interrupted me just about then , saying , "hey , i 've been having the same old dreams , but mine was a little different , you see .
i dreamt the only person left after the war was me .
i did n't see you around . "
well , now , time passed and now it seems everybody 's having them dreams .
everybody sees hisself walking around with no one else .
"half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time , but all the people ca n't be all right all of the time " .
i think abraham lincoln said that .
"i'll let you be in my dream if i can be in yours " .
i said that .

