#bob dylan 's 115th dream

i was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land .
i yelled for captain arab , i 'll have you understand , who came running to the deck , said , "boys , forget the whale .
look on over yonder !
cut the engines !
change the sail !
haul on the bowline " .
we sang that melody like all tough sailors do when they 're far away at sea .
"i think i 'll call it america , " i said as we hit land .
i took a deep breath .
i fell down .
i could not stand .
captain arab , he started writing up some deeds .
he said , "let 's set up a fort and start buying the place with beads . "
just then this cop comes down the street , crazy as a loon .
he throws us all in jail for carrying harpoons .
oh , me , i busted out .
do n't even ask me how .
i went to get some help .
i walked by a guernsey cow , who directed me down to the bowery slums , where people carried signs around , saying "ban the bums " .
i jumped right into line , saying , "i hope that i 'm not late" , when i realized i had n't eaten for five days straight .
i went into a restaurant looking for the cook .
i told 'em i was the editor of a famous etiquette book .
the waitress , he was handsome .
he wore a powder-blue cape .
i ordered some suzette .
i said , " could you please make that crepe ? "
just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat .
food was flying everywhere .
i left without my hat .
now , i did n't mean to be nosy , but i went into a bank to get some bail for arab and all the boys back in the tank .
they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants .
they threw me in the alley when up comes this girl from france , who invited me to her house .
i went , but she had a friend who knocked me out and robbed my boots and i was on the street again .
well , i rapped upon a house with the u .s . flag upon display .
i said , " could you help me out ?
i got some friends down the way . "
the man says , "get out of here !
i 'll tear you limb from limb ! "
i said , "you know , they refused jesus too . "
he said , "you're not him !
get out of here before i break your bones .
i be not your pop ! "
i decided to have him arrested and i went looking for a cop .
i ran right outside .
i hopped inside a cab .
i went out the other door ,
this englishman said "fab ! " as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood .
i ran right through the front door like a hobo-sailor does , but it was just a funeral parlor
and the man asked me who i was .
i repeated that my friends were all in jail with a sigh .
he gave me his card .
he said , " call me if they die . "
i shook his hand and said goodbye , ran out to the street when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet .
a pay phone was ringing .
it just about blew my mind .
when i picked it up and said hello , this foot came through the line .
well , by this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at bringing back any help for my friends and captain arab .
i decided to flip a coin , like either heads or tails would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail .
so i hocked my sailor suit and i got a coin to flip .
it came up tails .
it rhymed with sail , so i made it back to the ship .
well , i got back , took the parking ticket off the mast .
i was ripping it to shreds when this coastguard boat went past .
they asked me my name and i said , " captain kidd" .
they believed me , but they wanted to know what exactly that i did .
i said for the pope of eruke i was employed .
they let me go right away .
they were very paranoid .
well , the last i heard of arab , he was stuck on a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail .
but the funniest thing was , when i was leaving the bay , i saw three ships sailing .
they were all heading my way .
i asked the captain what his name was and how come he did n't drive a truck .
he said his name was columbus .
i just said , " good luck . "

