#desolation row

they 're selling postcards of the hanging .
they 're painting the passports brown .
the beauty parlor is filled with sailors .
the circus is in town .
here comes the blind commissioner .
they 've got him in a trance .
one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker .
the other is in his pants .
and the riot squad , they 're restless .
they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight from desolation row .
cinderella , she seems so easy .
"it takes one to know one , " she smiles and puts her hands in her back pocket bette davis-style .
and in comes romeo , he 's moaning .
"you belong to me , i believe . "
and someone says , "you're in the wrong place , my friend .
you 'd better leave . "
and the only sound that 's left after the ambulances go is cinderella sweeping up on desolation row .
now , the moon is almost hidden .
the stars are beginning to hide .
the fortune-telling lady has even taken all her things inside .
all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame , everybody is making love or else expecting rain .
and the good samaritan , he 's dressing .
he 's getting ready for the show .
he 's going to the carnival tonight on desolation row .
ophelia , she 's beneath the window .
for her i feel so afraid .
on her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid .
to her death is quite romantic .
she wears an iron vest .
her profession 's her religion .
her sin is her lifelessness .
and , though her eyes are fixed upon noah 's great rainbow , she spends her time peeking into desolation row .
einstein , disguised as robin hood , with his memories in a trunk , passed this way an hour ago with his friend , a jealous monk .
now , he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette .
then he went off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet .
you would not think to look at him , but he was famous long ago for playing the electric violin on desolation row .
dr . filth , he keeps his world inside of a leather cup , but all his sexless patients , they are trying to blow it up .
now , his nurse , some local loser , she 's in charge of the cyanide hole and she also keeps the cards that read "have mercy on his soul" .
they all play on the penny-whistle .
you can hear them blow if you lean your head out far enough from desolation row .
across the street they 've nailed the curtains .
they 're getting ready for the feast , the phantom of the opera in a perfect image of a priest .
they 're spoon-feeding casanova to get him to feel more assured .
then they 'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words .
and the phantom 's shouting to skinny girls , "get outta here if you do n't know .
casanova is just being punished for going to desolation row ! "
at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do .
then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene is brought down from the castles by insurance-men who go check to see that nobody is escaping to desolation row .
praise be to nero 's neptune .
the titanic sails at dawn .
everybody 's shouting , " which side are you on ? "
and ezra pound and t .s . eliot fighting in the captaing . tower while calypso-singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers between the windows of the sea , where lovely mermaids flow , and nobody has to think too much about desolation row .
yes , i received your letter yesterday about the time the door knob broke .
when you asked me how i was doing , was that some kind of joke ?
all these people that you mention , yes , i know them .
they 're quite lame .
i had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name .
right now i ca n't read too good .
do n't send me no more letters , no , not unless you mail them from desolation row .

