#i shall be free well , i take me a woman late last night . 
i be three-fourths drink . 
he look alright till he start peel off he onion gook . 
he take off he wig , say , "how do i look ? 
" i 's high-flying , bare-naked , out the window ! 
well , sometime i may get drink , walk like a duck , and smell like a skunk . 
do n't hurt me none , it do n't hurt me pride because i get me little lady right by me side . 
he 's try to hide , pretend he do n't know me ! 
i 's out there paint on the old woodshed when a can of black paint do fall on me head . 
i wend down to scrub and rub , but i have to sit in back of the tub . 
cost a quarter , half price . 
well , me telephone ring . 
it will not stop . 
it 's president kennedy call me up . 
he say , "my friend , bob , what do we need to make the country grow ? 
" i say , "my friend , john , brigitte bardot , anita ekberg , sophia loren . 
country 'll grow . 
" well , i get a woman , five foot short . 
he yell and holler and scream and snort . 
he tickle me nose , pat me on the head , roll me over , and kick me out of be . 
he 's a man-eater , meat-grinder , bad loser . 
oh , there be not no use in me work all the time . 
i get a woman who work he blind . 
work up to he britches , up to he neck , write me letter , and send me check . 
he 's a humdinger , folksinger . 
late one day in the middle of the week , me eye be close . 
i be half asleep. 
i chase me a woman up the hill right in the middle of an air-raid drill . 
i jump a fallout shelter ! 
i jump a string bean ! 
i jump a tv dinner ! 
i jump a shotgun ! 
now , the man on the stand , he want me vote . 
he 's run for office on the ballot note . 
he 's out there preach in front of the steeple , tell me he love all kind of people . 
he 's eat bagel . 
he 's eat pizza . 
he 's eat chitlins . 
oh , set me down on a television floor , i 'll flip the channel to number four . 
out of the shower come a football man with a bottle of oil in he hand , greasy kid stuff . 
what i want to know , mr . 
football man , be what do you do about willy may , martin luther king , olatunji ? 
well , the funny woman i ever see be the great-granddaughter of mr . 
clean . 
he take about fifteen bath a day , want me to grow a must 'veche on me face . 
he 's insane ! 
well , ask me why i 'm drink all the time . 
level me head and ease me mind . 
i just walk along and stroll and sing . 
i see well day and i do well thing . 
i catch dinosaur ! 
make love to elizabeth taylor ! 
catch hell from richard burton ! 
