#visions of johanna aing . 
it just like the night to play trick when you 're try to be so quiet ? 
we all sit here strand , though we 're all do we well to deny it . 
and louise hold a handful of rain , tempt you to defy it . 
light flicker from the opposite loft . 
in this room the heat-pipes just cough . 
the country music station play soft , but there 's nothing , really nothing to turn off . 
just louise and he lover so entwine and this vision of johanna this conquer me mind . 
in the empty lot where the lady play blindman 's bluff with the keychain and the all-night girl , they whisper of escapade out on the d-train , we can hear the night-watchman click he flashlight , ask he if it 's he or they this 's insane . 
louise , he 's alright . 
he 's just near . 
he 's delicate and seem like the mirror , but he just make it all too concise and too clearly this johanna 's not here . 
the ghost of electricity howl in the bone of he face , where this vision of johanna have now take me place . 
now , little boy lose , he take he so seriously . 
he brag of he misery . 
he like to live dangerously and , when bring he name up , he speak of a farewell-kiss to me . 
he 's sure get a lot of gall to be so useless and all , mutter small talk at the wall while i 'm in the hall . 
oh , how can i explain ? 
it 's so hard to get on and this vision of johanna , they keep me up past the dawn . 
inside the museum infinity go up on trial . 
voice echo , " this be what salvation must be like after a while . 
" but mona lisa must 've have the highway blue . 
you can tell by the way he smile . 
see the primitive wallflower freeze when the jelly-faced woman all sneeze . 
hear the one with the must 'veche say , "jeez , i ca n't find me knee . 
" oh , jewel and binoculars hang from the head of the mule , but this vision of johanna , they make it all seem so cruel . 
the peddler now speak to the countess who 's pretend to care for he , say , "name me someone this 's not a parasite and i 'll go out and say a prayer for he . 
" but , like louise always say , "you ca n't look at much , can you , man ? 
" as he he prepare for he , and madonna , he still have not show . 
we see this empty cage now corrode , where he cape of the stage once have flow . 
the fiddler , he now step to the road . 
he write "everything 's be return which be owe " on the back of the fish truck this load while me conscience explode . 
the harmonica play the skeleton key in the rain and this vision of johanna be now all this remain . 
