# a hard rain 's a-going to fall oh , where have you be , me blue-eyed son ? 
and where have you be , me darling young one ? 
i 've stumble on the side of twelve misty mountain . 
i 've walk and i 've crawl on six crook highway . 
i 've step in the middle of seven sad forest . 
i 've be out in front of a dozen dead ocean . 
i 've be ten thousand mile in the mouth of a graveyard . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
oh , what do you see , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what do you see , me darling young one ? 
i see a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it . 
i see a highway of diamond with nobody on it . 
i see a black branch with blood this keep drip . 
i see a room full of man with they hammer bleed . 
i see a white ladder all cover with water . 
i see ten thousand talker who tongue be all break . 
i see gun and sharp sword in the hand of young child . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
what do you hear , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what do you hear , me darling young one ? 
i hear the sound of a thunder this roar out a warn . 
i hear the roar of a wave this can drown the whole world . 
i hear one hundred drummer who hand be blaze . 
i hear ten thousand whisper and nobody listen . 
i hear one person starve . 
i hear many people laugh . 
i hear the song of a poet who die in the gutter . 
i hear the sound of a clown who cry in the alley . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
oh , what do you meet , me blue-eyed son ? 
and who do you meet , me darling young one ? 
i meet a young child beside a dead pony . 
i meet a white man who walk a black dog . 
i meet a young woman who body be burn . 
i meet a young girl . 
he give me a rainbow . 
i meet one man who be wound in love . 
i meet another man who be wound in hatred . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
and what 'll you do now , me blue-eyed son ? 
and what 'll you do now , me darling young one ? 
i 'm go back out before the rain start fall . 
i 'll walk to the depth of the deep , dark forest , where the people be many and they hand be all empty , where the pellet of poison be flood they water , where the home in the valley meet the damp , dirty prison and the executioner 's face be always well hide , where hunger be ugly , where the soul be forget , where black be the color , where none be the number . 
and i 'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain , so all soul can see it . 
and i 'll stand on the ocean until i start sink , but i 'll know me song well before i start sing . 
and it 's a hard , it 's a hard , it 's a hard , and it 's a hard , it 's a hard rain 's go to fall . 
