# the ballad of frankie lee and judas priest well , frankie lee and judas priest , they be the well of friend . 
so , when frankie lee need money one day , judas quickly pull out a roll of ten and place they on a footstool just above the plot plain , say , "take you pick , frankie boy . 
me loss will be you gain . 
" well , frankie lee , he sit right down and put he finger to he chin , but with the cold eye of judas on he he head begin to spin . 
" can you please not stare at me like this , " he say . 
"it 's just me foolish pride , but sometime a man must be alone and this be no place to hide . 
" well , judas , he just wink and say , "alright , i 'll leave you here , but you 'd well hurry up and choose which of this bill you want before they all disappear . 
" "i 'm go to start me pick right now . 
just tell me where you 'll be . 
" judas point down the road and say , "eternity . 
" "eternity ? 
" say frankie lee with a voice as cold as ice . 
" this 's right , " say judas , "eternity , though you may call it paradise . 
" "i do n't call it anything , " say frankie lee with a smile . 
"alright , " say judas priest , "i'll see you after a while . 
" well , frankie lee , he sit back down , feel low and mean when just then a pass stranger burst upon the scene , say , "are you frankie lee , the gambler , who father be decease ? 
well , if you be , there 's a fellow call you down the road and they say he name be priest . 
" "oh , yes , he be me friend , " say frankie lee in fright . 
"i do recall he very well . 
in fact he just leave me sight . 
" "yes , this 's the one , " say the stranger as quiet as a mouse . 
"well , me message be he 's down the road , strand in a house . 
" well , frankie lee , he panic , he drop everything and run until he come up to the spot where judas priest do stand . 
"what kind of house be this , " he say , "where i have come to roam ? 
" "it 's not a house , " say judas priest . 
"it 's not a house . 
it 's a home . 
" well , frankie lee , he tremble . 
he soon lose all control over everything which he have make while the mission-bells do toll . 
he just stand there stare at this big house as bright as any sun with four-and-twenty window and a woman 's face in every one . 
well , up the stair run frankie lee with a soulful , bound leap and , foam at the mouth , he begin to make he midnight creep. 
for sixteen night and day he rave , but on the seventeenth he burst into the arm of judas priest , which be where he die of thirst . 
no one try to say a thing when they carry he out in jest , except of course the little neighbor-boy who carry he to rest and he just walk along alone with he guilt so well-concealed and mutter underneath he breath , "nothing be reveal . 
" well , the moral of the story , the moral of this song be simply this one should never be where one do not belong . 
so , when you see you neighbor carry something , help he with he load and do n't go mistake paradise for this home across the road . 
