#bob dylan 's 115th dream i be ride on the mayflower when i think i spy some land . 
i yell for captain arab , i 'll have you understand , who come run to the deck , say , "boys , forget the whale . 
look on over yonder ! 
cut the engine ! 
change the sail ! 
haul on the bowline " . 
we sing this melody like all tough sailor do when they 're far away at sea . 
"i think i 'll call it america , " i say as we hit land . 
i take a deep breath . 
i fall down . 
i can not stand . 
captain arab , he start write up some deed . 
he say , "let 's set up a fort and start buy the place with bead . 
" just then this cop come down the street , crazy as a loon . 
he throw we all in jail for carry harpoon . 
oh , me , i bust out . 
do n't even ask me how . 
i wend to get some help . 
i walk by a guernsey cow , who direct me down to the bowery slum , where people carry sign around , say "ban the bum " . 
i jump right into line , say , "i hope this i 'm not late" , when i realize i have n't eat for five day straight . 
i wend into a restaurant look for the cook . 
i tell 'em i be the editor of a famous etiquette book . 
the waitress , he be handsome . 
he wear a powder-blue cape . 
i order some suzette . 
i say , " can you please make this crepe ? 
" just then the whole kitchen explode from boil fat . 
food be fly everywhere . 
i leave without me hat . 
now , i do n't mean to be nosy , but i wend into a bank to get some bail for arab and all the boy back in the tank . 
they ask me for some collateral and i pull down me pant . 
they throw me in the alley when up come this girl from france , who invite me to he house . 
i wend , but he have a friend who knock me out and rob me boot and i be on the street again . 
well , i rap upon a house with the u .s . 
flag upon display . 
i say , " can you help me out ? 
i get some friend down the way . 
" the man say , "get out of here ! 
i 'll tear you limb from limb ! 
" i say , "you know , they refuse jesus too . 
" he say , "you're not he ! 
get out of here before i break you bone . 
i be not you pop ! 
" i decide to have he arrest and i wend look for a cop . 
i run right outside . 
i hop inside a cab . 
i wend out the other door , this englishman say "fab ! 
" as he see me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot this stand park across from a build advertise brotherhood . 
i run right through the front door like a hobo-sailor do , but it be just a funeral parlor and the man ask me who i be . 
i repeat this me friend be all in jail with a sigh . 
he give me he card . 
he say , " call me if they die . 
" i shake he hand and say goodbye , run out to the street when a bowl ball come down the road and knock me off me foot . 
a pay phone be ring . 
it just about blow me mind . 
when i pick it up and say hello , this foot come through the line . 
well , by this time i be feed up at try to make a stab at bring back any help for me friend and captain arab . 
i decide to flip a coin , like either head or tail will let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail . 
so i hock me sailor suit and i get a coin to flip . 
it come up tail . 
it rhyme with sail , so i make it back to the ship . 
well , i get back , take the park ticket off the mast . 
i be rip it to shred when this coastguard boat wend past . 
they ask me me name and i say , " captain kidd" . 
they believe me , but they want to know what exactly this i do . 
i say for the pope of eruke i be employ . 
they let me go right away . 
they be very paranoid . 
well , the last i hear of arab , he be stick on a whale this be marry to the deputy sheriff of the jail . 
but the funny thing be , when i be leave the bay , i see three ship sail . 
they be all head me way . 
i ask the captain what he name be and how come he do n't drive a truck . 
he say he name be columbus . 
i just say , " good luck . 
