#ballad of a thin man you walk into the room with you pencil in you hand . 
you see somebody naked and you , you say , " who be this man ? 
" you try so hard , but you do n't understand just what you will say when you get home because something be happen here , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you raise up you head and you ask , "is this where it be ? 
" and somebody point to you and say , "it 's he . 
" and you say , "what 's me ? 
" and somebody else say , "where what be ? 
" and you say , "oh , me god , be i here all alone ? 
" but something be happen and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you hand in you ticket and you go watch the geek , who immediately walk up to you when he hear you speak and say , "how do it feel to be such a freak ? 
" and you say , "impossible ! 
" as he hand you a bone . 
and something be happen here , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
you have many contact among the lumberjack to get you fact when someone attack you imagination . 
but nobody have any respect . 
anyway , they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organization . 
oh , you be with the professor and they 've all like you look . 
with great lawyer you have discuss leper and crook . 
you be through all of f . 
scott fitzgerald 's book . 
you 're very well-read . 
it 's well-known . 
but something be happen here and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
well , the sword swallower , he come up to you and then he kneel . 
he cross he and then he click he high heel and without further notice he ask you how it feel and he say , "here be you throat back . 
thank for the loan . 
" and you know something be happen , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
now , you see this one-eyed midget shout the word now and you say , " for what reason ? 
" and he say , "how ? 
" and you say , "what do this mean ? 
" and he scream back , "you're a cow ! 
give me some milk or else go home ! 
" and you know something 's happen , but you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
well , you walk into the room like a camel and then you frown . 
you put you eye in you pocket and you nose on the grind . 
there ought to be a law against you come around . 
you should be make to wear earphone because something be happen and you do n't know what it be , do you , mr . 
jones ? 
