#talking birmingham jam

walking down to birmingham , way down south in dixie-land , oh , i thought that i would stop awhile , take a vacation southern-style .
got some southern hospitality down there in a southern hospital .
oh , all the signs said welcome in , signed by governor wallace and rin-tin-tin .
they said come along and watch the fights while we feed our dogs on civil rights .
now , do n't get us wrong .
some of our best negroes are friends .
well , i 've seen traveling many ways .
i 've traveled in cars and old subways .
but in birmingham some people chose to fly down the street from a fire-hose , doing some hard traveling from hydrants of plenty .
well , a pack of dogs was standing by .
i walked up to them and i said , "hi" .
i asked one dog what they all were doing .
he walked up to me and started chewing .
i said , "hold it .
i 'm from the a .s.p.c.a. , society for the prevention of cruelty to agitators " .
and i said , " there must be some men around .
there ca n't be only you dogs in town " .
they said , " sure , we have old bull conner .
there he goes walking yonder . "
throwing some raw meat to the mayor , feeding bones to the city council , you know governor wallace does n't mean no harm .
ca n't you see he 's got a lot of charm ?
he 's protecting us whites , both the rich and poor , standing in the schoolhouse door , cracking jokes , talking to huntley brinkley , serving jury duty , getting re-elected .
so , i asked them why they spent their time with segregation on their mind .
they said , "if you do n't like to live this way , gget out of here .
go back to the u .s .a .
live with all them russians and new york folksingers . "
some say they 're past their darkest hour .
those moderates are back in power .
oh , they listen close with open ears .
they 'll
help us out in a couple of hundred years .
but do n't push them , whatever you do , or else you 'll get those extremists back in .
you see , alabama is a sovereign state with sovereign dogs and sovereign hate .
they stand for the bible and constitution .
they stand against communist revolution .
they say , "it 's pinkoes like you that freed the slaves . "
and they 're right .


